Teenage girl, much too young 
Unprepared for what's to come  
A baby changes everything. Not a ring on her hand  
All her dreams and all her plans  
A baby changes everything  
A baby changes everything.The man she loves she's never touched  
How will she keep his trust?  
A baby changes everything 
A baby changes everything.And she cries, oh she cries  
She has to leave, go far away  
Heaven knows she can't stay  
A baby changes everything  
A baby changes everything.She can feel it's coming soon  
There's no place, there's no room  
A baby changes everything  
A baby changes everything.And she cries and she cries  
O she cries  
A baby changes everything 
A baby changes everything.Shepherds all gather 'round 
Up above, the star shines down 
A baby changes everything 
A baby changes everything.Choir of Angels say  
Glory to the newborn king  
A baby changes everything  
A baby changes everything 
Everything, everything, every day.Hallelujah, hallelujah 
Hallelujah, hallelujah.My whole life is turned around  
I was lost and now I'm found  
A baby changes everything  
A baby changes everything. 

The season is upon us now
A time for gifts and giving
And as the year draws to its close
I think about my living.The Christmas time when I was young
The magic and the wonder
But colors dull and candles dim
And dark my standing under.O little Zachary, shining light
You've set my soul to dreaming
You've given back my joy in life
And filled me with new meaning.A Savior King was born that day,
A baby just like you,
And as the Magi came with gifts
I come with my gift too.That peace on Earth fills up your time
That brotherhood surrounds you
That you may know the warmth of love
And wrap it all around you.It's just a wish, a dream I'm told
From days when I was young
Merry Christmas, little Zachary
Merry Christmas, everyone
Merry Christmas, little Zachary
Merry Christmas, everyone.

You've made this a Christmas to remember 
Springtime feelin's in the middle of December  
Strangers meet and they willingly surrender  
Oh! What a Christmas to remember.Almost went to Aspen, but something told me no  
I considered Mammoth, but there wasn't enough snow  
And I even thought of Gatlinburg, but that seemed so far to go  
So I headed up to Tahoe for a Christmas on the slopes.And I had fantasized about Christmas in this way  
Curled up by a fireplace in a Tahoe ski chalet  
With a fast talking lover and some slow burning wood  
But even in my wildest dreams it never got this good.You've made this a Christmas to remember  
Springtime feelin' in the middle of December  
Change the radio and I'll turn the lights down dimmer  
Oh! What a Christmas to remember.Strangers when we met, lovers as we leave  
Christmas to remember, too good to believe  
Don't know how or when, but I know we'll meet again  
We'll come blowin' back to somewhere like some wild restless winter's wind.And you've made this a Christmas to remember  
Springtime feelin' in the middle of December  
'Neath the mistletoe you kissed me warm and tender  
Oh! What a Christmas to remember.We loved and laughed and played and joked  
Sang Christmas songs and talked to folks  
Sleighed the fields and skied the slopes  
Then to the lodge for dinner. But now it's time for us to go  
As our hearts melt like chimney snow  
There's just one thing I want to know  
Can we do this next winter?  
Oh! What a Christmas to remember.You've made this a Christmas to remember  
Springtime feelin' in the middle of December  
Though the fire is hot, we'll just have to let it simmer  
Oh! What a Christmas to remember.You've made this a Christmas to remember  
Springtime feelin' in the middle of December  
Though it's cold outside we'll just stroke the burning embers  
Oh! What a Christmas to remember.

The lights around the Christmas tree don't burn as bright
And all around the world, it isn't a silent night
Outside I hear the voices sing, the sweetest sounds of caroling 
But somehow there's a sadness in the song 
In our hearts we know that some thing's wrong.Chorus
It's a different kind of Christmas
In a different kind of world
Even though it looks the same
Everything has changed
It's a different kind of Christmas.Children opening gifts with wonder and surprise
I wish that I could still see through such innocent eyes
I used to feel so safe inside, I had a place to run and hide
In my daddy's arms I felt secure 
No one can protect us anymore.Chorus
It's a different kind of Christmas
In a different kind of world
Even though it looks the same
Everything has changed
It's a different kind of Christmas.Sending cards that talk of peace and love and cheer
Oh that's what we need if we'd only believe
It would be.Chorus
It's a different kind of Christmas
In a different kind of world
Even though it looks the same
Everything has changed 
It's a different kind of Christmas.
Listen to the music of A Gift For All and sing along. Merry Christmas!

This snowman is shaping up to be an 8 
But not out of 10 
The robots awake 
To find that they've been taped down  
Wondering when 
They'll break through these chains 
But, little boys have action toys for brains 
I'm living proof it can last a long time.
Oh, yeah, don't think about it, don't think about it 
Yeah, don't think about it, don't think about it. Honey, it's cold outside 
Pour another glass of wine 
Light up the fireplace 
The holiday starts right now 
Make yourself slow down 
Put on a happy face.I don't want you to buy me nothin' 
It's alright 
Love's the only thing on my list 
All I want is a kiss for Christmas 
Honey, won't you give me a kiss for Christmas?  
Darlin'. Early on Christmas day 
Everyone looks for love  
Under the Christmas tree 
And though you might think it's strange 
I wanna tell you, my love 
Don't buy a thing for me.I don't want you to get me nothin' 
It's alright 
'Cause if I could just get my wish 
All I want is a kiss for Christmas 
Honey, won't you give me a kiss for Christmas?  
Darlin'. A kiss for Christmas is all that I want  
Yeah 
A kiss for Christmas 
Don't make me wait for love 
This Christmas all that I want is 
A kiss for Christmas 
Don't make me wait, love. Don't make me wait, baby 
Merry Christmas 
Yeah 
Come on 
Yeah  
Don't think about it, don't think about it. All I want is a kiss for Christmas 
Honey, won't you give me a kiss for Christmas?  
Darlin' 
All I want is a kiss for Christmas. Honey, won't you give me a kiss for Christmas?  
Darlin' 
All I want is a kiss for Christmas 
Honey, won't you give me a kiss for Christmas?

I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas  
This year, yeah yeah yeah! 
I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas 
This year!Everybody sing fa la la fa la la 
Everybody sing ho ho ho ho ho ho  
Everybody sing jingle, jingle, jingle  
It's a nice, nice Christmas.Me and my friends are hangin' out   
It's a thing we like to do   
Being together is what it's about 
Merry Christmas to me and you!I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas  
This year, yeah yeah yeah! 
I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas 
This year!Fa la la la la la la la la la la la  
Fa la la la  
Yeah yeah yeah! 
Fa oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh   
Oh oh oh oh! Everybody sing fa la la fa la la 
Everybody sing ho ho ho ho ho ho  
Everybody sing jingle, jingle, jingle  
It's a nice, nice Christmas.Me and my friends are hangin' out   
It's a thing we like to do   
Being together is what it's about 
Merry Christmas to me and you!I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas  
This year, yeah yeah yeah! 
I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas 
This year!I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas  
This year, yeah yeah yeah! 
I got a hunch that it's gonna be a nice, nice Christmas 
This year!
My idea of a perfect Christmas 
Is to spend it with you 
In a party or dinner for two 
Anywhere would do 
Celebrating the yuletide season 
Always lights up our lives 
Simple pleasures are made special too 
When they're shared with you. Looking through some old photographs 
Faces and friends we'll always remember 
Watching busy shoppers rushing about 
In the cool breeze of December 
Sparkling lights all over town 
Children's carols in the air 
By the Christmas tree 
A shower of stardust on your hair. I can't think of a better Christmas 
Than my wish coming true 
And my wish is that you'd let me spend  
My whole life with you. Looking through some old photographs 
Faces and friends we'll always remember 
Watching busy shoppers rushing about 
In the cool breeze of December 
Sparkling lights all over town 
Children's carols in the air 
By the Christmas tree 
A shower of stardust on your hair.I can't think of a better Christmas 
Than my wish coming true 
And my wish is that you'd let me spend  
My whole life with you. My idea of a perfect Christmas  
Is spending it with you.

'Twas the night before Christmas, he lived all alone 
In a one bedroom house made of plaster and stone 
I had come down the chimney with presents to give 
And to see just who in this home did live.I looked all about, a strange sight I did see 
No tinsel, no presents, not even a tree 
No stocking by the mantle, just boots filled with sand 
On the wall hung pictures of far distant lands.With medals and badges, awards of all kinds 
A sober thought came through my mind 
For this house was different, it was dark and dreary 
I found the home of a soldier, once I could see clearly.The soldier lay sleeping, silent, alone 
Curled up on the floor in this one bedroom home 
The face was so gentle, the room in such disorder 
Not how I pictured a United States soldier.Was this the hero of whom I'd just read? 
Curled up on a poncho, the floor for a bed? 
I realized the families that I saw this night 
Owed their lives to these soldiers who were willing to fight.Soon round the world, the children would play 
And grownups would celebrate a bright Christmas day 
They all enjoyed freedom each month of the year 
Because of the soldiers, like the one lying here.I couldn't help wonder how many lay alone 
On a cold Christmas Eve in a land far from home 
The very thought brought a tear to my eye 
I dropped to my knees and started to cry.The soldier awakened and I heard a rough voice 
"Santa don't cry, this life is my choice; 
I fight for freedom, I don't ask for more 
My life is my God, my country, My Corps".The soldier rolled over and drifted to sleep 
I couldn't control it, I continued to weep 
I kept watch for hours, so silent and still 
And we both shivered from the cold night's chill.I didn't want to leave on that cold, dark night 
This guardian of honor so willing to fight 
The soldier rolled over, with a voice soft and pure 
Whispered, "Carry on Santa, it's Christmas day, all is secure".One look at my watch and I knew he was right 
Merry Christmas my friend, and to all a good night.
Sing a song and light up the lights 
We need to make this Christmas bright  
Hang your favorite dream on a star  
Wish upon it Christmas night  
Sing about the better things 
The friends we have, the joy they bring  
Hang a dream upon a star and wish it Christmas night  
Peace on earth we dream for the world  
Time to love and time to share  
We can wish for love in the world  
Time to give and time to care. On this day is born the child Jesus, Prince of Peace   
Hear Him whisper in your heart   
Let all hatred cease   
His star will brighten the darkest night   
To light your way if you believe   
The love you seek will be in your heart  
Ask and you'll receive   
On this day will rise the morning sun   
All the bells will ring   
(ding dong ding dong) 
Hope is born for peace throughout our land   
Let Earth and heaven sing. Sing a song and light up the lights 
We need to make this Christmas bright  
Hang your favorite dream on a star  
Wish upon it Christmas night  
Sing about the better things 
The friends we have, the joy they bring  
Hang a dream upon a star and wish it Christmas night  
Peace on earth we dream for the world  
Time to love and time to share  
We can wish for love in the world  
Time to give and time to care 
Sing about the better things 
The friends we have the happiness they bring  
Sing a song of dreams come true and bless the new year, too.Lalalala... 

The cold wind is blowin' and the streets are getting dark 
I'm writing you a letter and I don't know where to start 
The bells will be ringing at Saint John the Divine 
I get a little lonely every year around this time. The music plays all night in Little Italy 
The lights will be going up on old Rockefeller's tree 
People window shopping on Fifth Avenue 
All I want for Christmas is you. I've got to know 
Where do lonely hearts go? 
Because nobody ought to be  
All alone on Christmas.Things are different since you've been here last 
Childhood dreaming is a thing of the past 
Maybe you can bring us some hope this year 
Visions of sugar plums have disappeared. Do you remember sleigh riding in the snow 
And dancing all night to "Baby, Please Come Home"? 
Today's celebration is bittersweet 
There's mothers and children in the street. I've got to know 
Where do lonely hearts go? 
Because nobody ought to be  
All alone on Christmas.I'm all grown up, but I'm the same you'll see
I'm writing this letter 'cause I still believe
Dear Santa, I've been good this year
Can't you stay a little while with me right here? Tell me
I've got to know 
Where do lonely hearts go? 
Because nobody ought to be  
All alone on Christmas.Nobody ought to be  
All alone on Christmas.

Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan? 
All I want for Christmas is a real good tan. All I want for Christmas is a real good tan 
Take me to the islands, put my feet in the sand 
Rocking to and fro with the rhythm of the ocean 
Singin 'Silent Night' with the palm trees blowin'.Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan? 
All I want for Christmas is a real good tan. Well, if you're thinkin' bout getting me a present this year 
Let me put a bug in your cute little ear 
How 'bout 2 tickets to a tropical shore 
Where we don't have to wear these winter clothes anymore 
Instead of turkey we'll have mahi-mahi grill 
And Pina Coladas in the blender chillin'.All I want for Christmas is a real good tan 
Take me to the islands, put my feet in the sand 
Rocking to and fro with the rhythm of the ocean 
Singin 'Silent Night' with the palm trees blowin'.Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan? 
All I want for Christmas is a real good tan. Well, everybody's praying for a Christmas so white 
Come to think about it, that'd be alright 
As long as it's sand and not snow on the ground 
And everyday our skin gets a little more brown 
We'll string some lights in a coconut tree 
I'll rub some oil on you, and you can rub some on me.All I want for Christmas is a real good tan 
I can see us baby, on the beach hand in hand 
Rockin' to and fro with the rhythm of the ocean 
Baby, won't you say you and me we'll be going? 
Ooooo, I can almost feel my toes in the sand 
All I want for Christmas is a real good tan.Don't worry baby, we'll celebrate plenty 
I'll buy you some shades and a brand new bikini 
We won't have to worry about the holiday rush 
It'll be you and me fallin' deeper in love.Ooooo, don't you think it's a pretty good plan? 
All I want for Christmas is a real good tan. All I want for Christmas is a real good tan..

Listen to the music of All I Want For Christmas Is You and sing along. Merry Christmas!
Take back the holly and mistletoe 
Silver bells on string 
If I wrote a letter to Santa Claus 
I would ask for just one thing. 
All is well 
All is well 
Angels and men rejoice 
For tonight, darkness fell 
Into the dawn of love's light 
Sing a-le 
Sing alleluia!All is well  
All is well 
Let there be peace on earth 
Christ is come, go and tell 
That he is in the manger 
Sing a-le 
Sing alleluia!All is well  
All is well 
Lift up your voices and sing 
Born is now Emmanuel 
Born is our Lord and Savior 
Sing alleluia 
Sing alleluia 
All is well.
Mistletoe and holly 
Deck the halls 
But you 
Don't come around 
And you don't call. Well 
It's just  
Like the season 
To be lonely

How I remember sleepless nights 
When we would read by candlelight 
And on the windowpane outside 
A new world made of snow.A million feathers falling down 
A million stars that touch the ground 
So many secrets to be found 
Amid the falling snow.Maybe I am falling down 
Tell me should I touch the ground? 
Maybe I won't make a sound 
In the darkness all around.The silence of a winter's night 
Brings memories I hold inside 
Remembering a blue moonlight 
Upon the fallen snow.Maybe I am falling down 
Tell me should I touch the ground? 
Maybe I won't make a sound 
In the darkness all around.I close my window to the night 
I leave the sky her tears of white 
And all is lit by candlelight 
Amid the falling snow.And all is lit by candlelight 
Amid the falling snow.
There's an Old Christmas card  
In an old dusty trunk  
And it brings back sweet memories   
Dear to me  
'Though it's faded and worn  
It's as precious as the morn  
When I found it   
'Neath our first Christmas tree.Chorus: 
I thrill with every word, every line  
Guess I'm always sentimental   
'Round this time  
Pardon me if a tear falls   
Among my Christmas cheer  
It's the memory   
Of an old Christmas card.Spoken: 
You know  
I don't know why   
I get to feeling sentimental  
About this time, every year;  
But, every time I see a Christmas card,  
I somehow can't help reminiscing  
About the very first Christmas   
That you and I spent together;  
What a beautiful Christmas card   
You gave me that year;  
Why, I know you must have looked   
Through thousands of cards  
To find that wonderful poem   
That still brings a tear to my eyes.Chorus: 
I thrill with every word, every line  
Guess I'm always sentimental   
'Round this time  
Pardon me if a tear falls   
Among my Christmas cheer  
It's the memory   
Of an old Christmas card.
How I miss that old fashioned Christmas!  
Carols being sung by the tree
We are the carol kings  
And we like to say hello  
We're here to sing you  
Every little Christmas song we know.So get ready   
Close or open your windows  
Take out or hide your money  
Honey, we don't care  
We're here to sing the staples  
Old fashioned Christmas carols  
Oh, here we go again.Merry Christmas everybody  
Happy new year too.We'll sing of chestnuts roastin'  
On a turtle doves comin' to town  
We'll sing of building snowman  
And pretending he's Jackson Browne.Silver bells, silver bells  
Silver all the way  
What fun it is to give love  
On a one horse Christmas day  
It doesn't really matter  
The former or the latter  
Coz all we really wanna say is:Merry Christmas everybody  
Happy new year too.Come, they told me the Lord has come  
Let earth in heavenly peace  
Whispering hope, never smoke dope  
We'll go down in history  
History... We are the carol kings  
And we like to thank you all  
You've been so very kind  
We hope that you'll have a Christmas ball.We really have to go  
Cos there's a dozen houses mo'  
But next year we'll be knockin' on your door again  
And soon we'll all be singin'  
The same song that you're hearin'  
Now people let me hear you sing:Merry Christmas everybody  
Happy new year too.
Give me an old fashioned Christmas  
An old fashioned Christmas.Family faces 
Wide open spaces 
Covered with snow.Right now, my mom there in the kitchen 
Basting the Christmas bird 
You'll have to take my word  
You can't find that at the automat.An old fashioned fireplace 
Give me an old fashioned fireplace 
My heart remembers  
Smoldering embers 
Warming your glow.I'd trade that whole Manhattan skyline 
The shimmering steel and chrome, 
For one old fashioned Christmas back home.

Last night I spent another lonely Christmas 
Darling, darling, you should've been there 
'Cuz all the ones I dream about 
You are the one that makes my love shout 
You see, you are the only one I care for. Remember the time  
We swam naked in your father's pool? 
Boy, he was upset that night 
But boy, was that ever cool!Remember that night  
We played poker for money? 
And you robbed me blind 
Remember how you used to scream so loud  
'Cuz you, you hated that number 9?Hey, I saw your sister skatin'  
On the lake this afternoon 
Good heaven, how she's grown 
She swoons the boy skaters, she's so tall.But of all your father's children 
All your father's children, baby 
You know you are the finest of them all 
You are brighter than the northern star. And I, last night I spent another lonely Christmas 
Darling, darling, you should've been there 
You see, of all the ones I dream about 
You are the one that makes my love shout 
You see, you are the only one I care for, yeah.My mama used to say, always trust your lover 
But now I guess that only applies to her 
Cuz baby, you promised me 
Baby, you promised me you'd never leave 
Then you died on the 25th day of December. Oh baby, last night 
Oh, I spent another lonely, lonely Christmas 
Darling, baby, you, you should've been there 
'Cuz all the ones I dream about 
You are the one that makes my love shout 
You see, you are the only one I care for, yeah. Your father said it was pneumonia 
Your mother said it was stress 
But the doctor said you were dead  
And I, I say it's senseless 
Every Christmas night for 7 years now 
I drink banana daiquiris till I'm blind.As long as I can hear you smiling, baby 
You won't hear my tears 
Another lonely Christmas is mine, yeah, mine, yeah 
Another lonely Christmas is mine. Last night, yeah, I spent another lonely, lonely Christmas 
Darling, darling, you should've been there, yeah 
'Cuz all the ones I dream about 
You are the one that make my love shout 
You see, you are the only one I care for.
Light the lights  
Ring the chimes  
Come on in   
It's party time  
Raise a glass for auld lang syne  
Come on, rock it up for all mankind.It's good to see friends I know  
Kissing under the mistletoe  
I love to hear the children sing  
It looks like Santa's gonna bring:Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas  
Another Christmas Rock 'N' Roll  
Presents hanging from the tree  
You'll never guess what you've got from me!Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas  
Another Christmas Rock 'N' Roll  
We better hold each other tight  
You never know it might snow tonight.Guys and girls  
Stay up late  
So excited   
They can't wait.Let there be peace on Earth  
Come on, Rock 'N' Roll 
For all you are worth.We're gonna laugh (ha!)  
We're gonna sing  
We're gonna make the rafters ring!I'll pull my cracker   
Let me be the silver star upon your tree.Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas  
Another Christmas Rock 'N' Roll  
All dressed up  
So here we go  
Do I hear sleigh bells, in the snow?Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas  
Another Christmas Rock 'N' Roll  
Tonight old Santa never, ever stops  
Going down the chimney tops.You'll be rocking  
In your stocking  
When you see your big suprise  
Cause I'll be rocking  
In your stocking  
You won't believe your big blue eyes.Come on in and join the fun  
It's Christmas time for everyone  
May your days be merry and bright  
Cause there ain't gonna be no silent night!See the stars  
Dance and sing  
Come with me and see the new year in  
No one's looking  
Kiss me quick  
Come on  
Rock 'N' Roll for old Saint Nick.Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas  
Another Christmas Rock 'N' Roll  
Presents hanging from the tree  
You'll never guess what you've got from me!Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas  
Another Christmas Rock 'N' Roll  
We better hold each other tight  
You never know it might snow tonight.Christmas! It's Christmas!
Another Rock 'N' Roll Christmas!
In the space of the beginning 
Was the living Word of Light 
When this Word was clearly spoken 
All that came to be was right. All creation had a language 
Words to say what must be said 
All day long the heavens whispered 
Signing words in scarlet red. Some have failed to understand it 
So God spoke His final Word 
On a silent night in Judah's hills  
A baby's cry was heard. Glory! sang the angel chorus 
Glory! echoed back the night 
Love has come to walk among us 
Christ the Lord is born this night. All creation sing His praises 
Earth and heaven praise His name 
All who live come join the chorus 
Find the words His love proclaim. 

Don't look inside a stocking 
Don't look under the tree  
The one thing we're looking for  
Is something we can't see  
Far more precious than silver 
And more splendid than gold 
Is something to treasure 
But is something we can't hold. As long as there's Christmas 
I truly believe 
That hope is the greatest of the gifts  
We'll receive  
We'll receive. As we all pray together 
It's the time to rejoice 
And though we may look different 
We are singing with one voice. As long as there's Christmas 
I truly believe 
That hope is the greatest of the gifts 
We'll receive. There is more 
So much more 
To this time of year 
To this time of year 
Than sleigh bells and holly 
Mistletoes and snow 
Those things will come and go 
Come and go. As long as there is Christmas 
I truly do believe  
That hope is the greatest of the gifts 
We will receive 
We'll receive.As long as there's Christmas  
I truly believe 
I truly believe  
That hope is the greatest of the gifts 
We'll receive. That hope is the greatest gift we'll receive!

It's baby's first Christmas 
And oh, what a joy 
Shoppin' all around 
For every pretty toy.Baby's big brother 
Is busy with his toys 
And he's shinin' up the chimney 
For Santa Claus.It's baby's first Christmas 
It's somethin' to see 
Mommy and Daddy 
Trimmin' baby's Christmas tree.It's a very special Christmas 
A blessin' from above 
It's baby's first Christmas 
A Christmas full of love.It's baby's first Christmas 
And oh, what a joy 
Shoppin' all around 
For every pretty toy.It's a very special Christmas 
A blessing from above 
It's baby's first Christmas 
A Christmas full of love.
I'm so glad you made time to see me 
How's life? Tell me, how's your family? 
I haven't seen them in a while. You've been good, busier than ever 
We small talk, work and the weather 
Your guard is up, and I know why. Because the last time you saw me  
Is still burned in the back of your mind 
You gave me roses, and I left them there to die. So this is me swallowing my pride 
Standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night 
And I go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you  
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine 
I go back to December, turn around and make it alright  
I go back to December all the time. These days, I haven't been sleeping 
Staying up, playing back myself leaving 
When your birthday passed, and I didn't call. Then I think about summer, all the beautiful times 
I watched you laughing from the passenger side 
And realized I loved you in the fall. And then the cold came, the dark days  
When fear crept into my mind  
You gave me all your love, and all I gave you was goodbye. So this is me swallowing my pride 
Standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night 
And I go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you 
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine  
I go back to December, turn around and change my own mind 
I go back to December all the time. I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile 
So good to me, so right 
And how you held me in your arms that September night 
The first time you ever saw me cry. Maybe this is wishful thinking 
Probably mindless dreaming 
But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right. I'd go back in time and change it, but I can't 
So if the chain is on your door, I understand.This is me swallowing my pride  
Standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night  
And I go back to December. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you  
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine 
I go back to December, turn around and make it alright  
I go back to December, turn around and change my own mind  
I go back to December all the time, all the time.

Close your eyes, beddy bye tin soldier 
Mommy says that it's time for sleep 
If my folks were wiser and older 
They'd know kids and toys don't need sleep. Don't be bad, little cotton dolly 
See how nice Mickey Mouse sleeps now? 
Even my brass drummer boy has stopped all his noise 
Cause he knows it's past bedtime for toys.Spoken: 
You know, every Christmas 
Santa Claus goes all over the world 
With his reindeer, sled, and a big bag of toys  
And he'll come to your house this year too. 
But sometimes, just sometimes 
He doesn't have enough time  
To see every little boy and girl 
Because the world is so big  
So maybe we should sing a song 
For all the children that Santa didn't visit.Bless the child who has no tin soldier 
No brass drummer boy to put to bed 
He will still grow wiser and older 
Loving one small rag doll instead.He won't have a cotton dolly 
Mickey Mouse won't come to his house 
Hold that rag doll to your heart  
Nothing can destroy the beauty 
One shall find in one small toy.

Children sleeping, snow is softly falling  
Dreams are calling like bells in the distance  
We were dreamers not so long ago 
But one by one we all had to grow up 
When it seems the magic's slipped away 
We find it all again on Christmas day.Believe in what your heart is saying 
Hear the melody that's playing 
There's no time to waste 
There's so much to celebrate 
Believe in what you feel inside  
And give your dreams the wings to fly 
You have everything you need 
If you just believe.Trains move quickly to their journey's end 
Destinations are where we begin again 
Ships go sailing far across the sea 
Trusting starlight to get where they need to be 
When it seems that we have lost our way 
We find ourselves again on Christmas day.Believe in what your heart is saying 
Hear the melody that's playing 
There's no time to waste 
There's so much to celebrate 
Believe in what you feel inside  
And give your dreams the wings to fly 
You have everything you need 
If you just believe.If you just believe  
If you just believe  
If you just believe 
Just believe 
Just believe.
Bells will be ringing, the glad, glad news  
Oh, what a Christmas, to have the blues  
My baby's gone 
I have no friends 
To wish me greetings 
Once again 
Choirs will be singing, "Silent Night" 
Oh, Christmas carols, by candlelight.Please come home for Christmas 
Please come home for Christmas 
If not for Christmas, by New Year's Night.Friends and relations 
Send salutations 
Just as sure as the stars shine above.This is Christmas, Christmas my dear 
The time of year to be with the one that you love.Then will you tell me, you'll never more roam? 
Christmas and New Year will find you home? 
There'll be no more sorrow 
No grief or pain 
'Cause I'll be happy that it's Christmas once again.
"When He is King we will give Him a King's gifts, 
Myrrh for its sweetness, and gold for a crown,  
Beautiful robes", said the young girl to Joseph,  
Fair with her first-born on Bethlehem Down. Bethlehem Down is full of the starlight,  
Winds for the spices, and stars for the gold,  
Mary for sleep, and for lullaby music,  
Songs of a shepherd by Bethlehem fold. When He is King, they will clothe Him in grave-sheets,  
Myrrh for embalming, and wood for a crown,  
He that lies now in the white arms of Mary,  
Sleeping so lightly on Bethlehem Down.Here He has peace and a short while for dreaming,  
Close-huddled oxen to keep him from cold,  
Mary for love, and for lullaby music,  
Songs of a shepherd by Bethlehem Down.
And you ask me what I want this year 
And I try to make this kind and clear 
Just a chance that maybe we'll find  
Better days.Cuz I don't need boxes wrapped in strings 
And desire and love and empty things 
Just a chance that maybe we'll find  
Better days. So take these words 
And sing out loud  
Cuz everyone is forgiven now 
Cuz tonight's the night  
The world begins again. And it's someplace simple  
Where we could live 
And something only you can give 
And thats faith and trust and peace  
While we're alive  
And the one poor Child that saved this world 
And there's 10 million more  
Who probably could 
If we all just stopped  
And said a prayer for them. So take these words 
And sing out loud  
Cuz everyone is forgiven now 
Cuz tonight's the night  
The world begins again. I wish everyone was loved tonight 
And somehow stop this endless fight 
Just a chance that maybe we'll find  
Better days. So take these words 
And sing out loud 
Cuz everyone is forgiven now 
Cuz tonight's the night  
The world begins again 
Cuz tonight's the night  
The world begins again.

The middle of December ain't the time to be alone 
It's just too close to Christmas  
And too far to go home 
I ran in to a friend of a friend 
Standing in checkout line 
She said, "I've spent too much already 
And there's gifts I just can't find" 
I walked her home and when she opened up her door 
I'm not sure what happened then 
Guess magic took it's course.Blame it on the mistletoe 
'Cause what happened here nobody knows 
How could something simple as a kiss 
Change my holiday like this 
And we held each other all night long 
And we fell asleep to a Christmas song 
Playin' on the radio 
Blame it on the mistletoe.I woke up, she was wrappin' gifts beneath the tree 
She said, "I know it's early, so I thought I'd let you sleep" 
Then she insisted I get up and take a look outside 
Hey sleepyhead, it must have snowed at least a foot last night 
That's when I saw it hangin' up above my head 
She threw her arms around my neck 
Laughin' as she said"Blame it on the mistletoe." 
'Cause what happened here nobody knows 
How could something simple as a kiss 
Change my holiday like this 
And we held each other all night long 
And we fell asleep to a Christmas song 
Playin' on the radio 
Blame it on the mistletoe.

Well, look here Jack  
There's something down the track  
He's got rhythm in his feet  
But nothing in the sack.  
The boogie woogie Santa Claus  
Boogie woogie Santa Claus  
Boogie woogie Santa  
Comes to town every Christmas day.Well he lives up in a mountain  
Like a hermit in the cave  
He never had a haircut  
He never took a shave.  
The boogie woogie Santa Claus  
Boogie woogie Santa Claus  
Boogie woogie Santa  
Comes this time every Christmas day.Well it's rock rock rock Mr. Santa  
Jump jump jump Mr. Santa  
Well, the boogie woogie Santa   
Will boogie all your blues away.Got no presents for your tree  
No candy for your socks  
When he starts to boogie  
The whole town rocks.Mama, get your hat  
Put your best dress on  
We're gonna jump for joy  
On the Christmas morn  
The boogie woogie Santa Claus  
Boogie woogie Santa Claus  
Boogie woogie Santa Boogie all your blues away.Well it's rock rock rock Mr. Santa  
Jump jump jump Mr. Santa Claus  
Well, the boogie woogie Santa  
Will boogie all your blues away.
It was a cold and dark December night 
But a star still lit the sky 
Away in a manger, you heard a baby cry 
It was the cry of the Son of God 
A little baby boy 
Born in that manger to bring the world joy.So hush up little baby 
You know not what you'll do 
You'll bring the world peace and love 
And teach them while you do 
You have nothing to fear  
Because you know 
God is with you all the way 
That little important baby 
Born on Christmas day.Many people soon gathered  
Round that tiny run down barn 
They knew not of what they saw 
Then came three all dressed 
In fancy robes, silks and furs 
This was the first indication 
Of the importance of his birth.So hush up little baby 
You know not what you'll do 
You'll bring the world peace and love 
And teach them while you do 
You have nothing to fear  
Because you know 
That God will lead the way 
That little important baby 
Born on Christmas day.We expected a soldier to save us from our plight 
All dressed in shiny armor, ready for a fight 
But instead He sent a little baby boy 
All filled with love and happiness 
To bring the world joy.So hush up little baby 
You know not what you'll do 
You'll bring the world peace and love 
And teach them while you do 
You have nothing to fear  
Because you know 
That God will lead the way 
That little important baby 
Born on Christmas day.
That God will lead the way 
That little important baby 
Born on Christmas day 
That little important baby 
Born on Christmas day.
No reputation, no stately bearing 
No palace bed for royalty 
But a star in the Heavens, a sign full of wonder 
Announcing the coming of the King of kings. Rejoice, o world, your Savior has come 
Through the love of a virgin's womb 
Son of God, Son of man, born that we may have life 
You were born that we may have life. A throne in a manger, the cross in a cradle 
The hidden revealing this glorious plan 
Of a Child who would suffer, a Child who would conquer 
The sin of every woman, the sin of every man. Rejoice, o world, your Savior has come 
Through the love of a virgin's womb 
Son of God, son of man, born that we may have life 
You were born that we may have life. Rejoice, o world, your Savior has come 
Through the love of a virgin's womb 
Son of God, Son of man 
You were born that we may have life. Rejoice, o world, your Savior has come  
Through the love of a virgin's womb 
Son of God, Son of man, born that we may have life  
You were born that we may have life  
You were born that we may have life. Rejoice, o world, rejoice  
Rejoice, o world, Hallelujah, the Savior has come  
Rejoice, o world, join with the angels 
Rejoice, o world, rejoice. Rejoice, o world, for the King of kings 
And the Lord of lords 
Rejoice, o world, a Savior is born 
Who brings us life and brings peace. Born that we may have life  
You were born that we may have life  
You were born that we may have life.

Dear Santa 
I need to change my Christmas list 
There's one big thing I missed 
You see my Daddy's working  
Far away from here 
And I know Santa 
I asked for a Barbie doll 
And a brand new soccer ball 
But I'd trade it all 
For just one gift this year.Bring him home Santa  
Bring him home to Mom and me 
Let us wake up Christmas morning 
And find him standing by our tree 
You can pick him up on your way 
He could ride there in your sleigh 
Don't make him spend Christmas all alone 
Bring him home.And Santa 
Here's a picture that I drew 
Of him in his dress blues 
Mama says  
Our country needs him over there 
And you know Santa 
This whole year I've been good 
And I was hoping that you would 
Do all you could to answer my prayer.Bring him home Santa  
Bring him home to Mom and me 
Let us wake up Christmas morning 
And find him standing by our tree 
You can pick him up on your way 
He could ride there in your sleigh 
Don't make him spend Christmas all alone 
Bring him home.Bring him home 
Bring him home 
Bring him home.

Buon Natale means 
"Merry Christmas to you"  
Buon Natale to everyone  
Happy new year and lots of fun  
Buon Natale 
May all your wishes come true  
Buon Natale in Italy means  
"A Merry Christmas to you".Far away across the sea  
In sunny Italy  
There's a quaint little town  
Not a clock has been wound  
For over a century.They don't know the time or year  
And no one seems to care  
And this is the reason   
The Christmas season  
Is celebrated all year.Buon Natale means 
Merry Christmas to you  
Buon Natale to everyone  
Happy New Year and lots of fun  
Buon Natale 
May all your wishes come true  
Buon Natale in Italy means  
"A Merry Christmas to you".

May not know by lookin' at me  
Who you're looking at exactly  
Wonder who could that be in your stockin' 
Suit of red and cheeks of cherry 
Lookin' extraordinary 
Spare me cause you scare with your gawkin' 
Hold your applause  
Pick up your jaws 
Call me Claus, hoah! I got the spirit of the season in me 
Spreadin' joy and toys a'plenty 
Nimbly down your chimney I'll be bumpin' 
Give me room 'cause I'm a packin'  
Only time for toys and snackin' 
Love to stay here yackin' 
But I'm humpin' 
I got a cause 
No time to pause 
They call me Claus.Woah, call me Santa 
Call me Kringle 
Call me Old Saint Nick 
All those have a beautiful ring 
Pleasin' is the reason 
And the season's a kick 
When you're Santa  
Baby, you gotta swing 
Swing, I dare ya, yeah!Hey, call me Santa 
Call me Kringle 
Call me Old Saint Nick  
All those have a beautiful ring 
Pleasin' is the reason 
And the season's a kick 
When you're Santa  
Baby, you gotta swing.So while in your jammies sleepin' 
Roof to roof I'll be a leapin' 
Quickly if your creepin' for a peepin'.The oohs and aahs 
Are all because 
They call me Claus.Hold your applause 
Hey, watch the paws 
They call me Claus.

Why don't you open me up? Candy cane girl 
Don't you know your name, girl?  
Twelve people gonna ask you just the same, girl  
What a world 
Christmas once a year, girl  
That's three hundred and sixty four tears, girl. So when Christmas finally comes  
And nobody's got a gun   
And you think it might be fun  
To hang around 
Think again girl. Why don't you open me up, huh? Candy Cane Boy  
Don't you know your name, boy?  
Nine people gonna tell you just the same, boy 
You're alone, son  
In the middle of a million  
And nobody knows how to talk to children. Oh, when Christmas finally comes  
And nobody's got a gun 
And you think it might be fun 
To get a new toy  
Think again boy. Oh, when Christmas finally comes   
And no one's got a gun  
And you think it might be fun 
To make a stand  
Think again man.
Laura: I can't believe it's Christmas! 
I think I'm finally gettin' something 
Can't believe it's Christmas 
My favorite time of year!Percy: I can't believe it's Christmas! 
Been dreaming of a sugar plum thing 
Can't believe it's Christmas 
Oh, boy! It's finally here!Dinkletown children: Ho, ho! Away we go! 
With rosy cheeks and hearts a glowin' 
Hey, hey! Our favorite day! 
It makes us want to cheer!Percy: Yo, ho! We love the snow!Li'l Pea: At least we know we won't be mowing!Dinkletown children: Ya, hey! We're glad to say 
That Christmas time is here!We can't believe it's Christmas! 
Been waiting for a million hours 
Can't believe it's Christmas 
Oh what a nifty day! 
We can't believe it's Christmas!Lenny: Took 14,018 showers!Dinkletown children: Can't believe it's Christmas! 
And now it's time to play! 
We can't believe it's Christmas! 
We think we're finally gettin' something.Can't believe it's Christmas 
Our favorite time of year! 
We can't believe it's Christmas! 
Been dreaming of a sugar-plum thing.Can't believe it's Christmas 
Oh, boy! It's finally.George: Oy, my spine-ly!Dinkletown children: Boy, it's finally here!

Can't stop the rain from falling  
Each time the sky decides to cry 
Can't stop the sun from shining 
Until the day turns into night. All over the world  
They try to steal our joy  
But our spirit can't be broken  
Every man and woman, girl or boy. Can't stop the joy 
Can't stop the reason 
Christmas lives inside of us 
From season to season. Can't stop the pain 
Of all the hatred in the world 
There'll be no hate, no war 
In God we'll trust  
And peace on earth. Cause you can't stop Christmas   
There's a feeling we share  
We never knew it, but it always was there  
For united we will stand  
Brother to brother, hand in hand. With one song, one dream, one prayer 
Let your voice be heard  
For His blessings surround us  
All across the world. Can't stop the joy 
Can't stop the reason 
Christmas lives inside of us 
From season to season. Can't stop the pain  
Of all the hated in the world  
There'll be no hate, no war  
In God we'll trust  
And peace on earth   
Cause you can't stop Christmas. Reach out for those in need  
For that magic of Christmas  
Is to give and to believe. Can't stop the joy 
Can't stop the reason 
Christmas lives inside of us 
From season to season. 

Home for the holidays 
I believe I've missed each and every face 
Come on and play my music 
Let's turn on the love light in the place.It's time I found myself 
Totally surrounded in your circles 
Whoa, my friends.Please celebrate me home 
Give me a number 
Please celebrate me home 
Play me one more song 
That I'll always remember 
And I can recall 
Whenever I find myself too all alone 
I can sing me home.Uneasy highway 
Traveling where the Westerly winds can fly 
Somebody tried to tell me 
But the men forgot to tell me why.I gotta count on being gone 
Come on woman, come on daddy 
Be what you want from me 
I'm this strong, I'll be weak.Please celebrate me home 
Give me a number 
Please celebrate me home 
Play me one more song 
That I'll always remember 
I can recall 
Whenever I find myself too all alone 
I can make believe I've never gone 
I never know where I belong 
Sing me home.Please celebrate me home 
Give me a number 
Please celebrate me home 
Play me one more song.Celebrate, celebrate 
Celebrate, celebrate 
Celebrate, celebrate 
Celebrate me home.Please celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home 
Well I'm finally here 
But I'm bound to roam 
Come on celebrate me home 
Well I'm finally here 
But I'm bound to roam 
Come on celebrate me home 
Well I'm finally here 
But I'm bound to roam 
Come on celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home 
Please celebrate me home.

It is He  
Christ who is born today  
Hear Him crying  
In the manger  
King of Heaven  
Son of God  
Alleluia, Alleluia! There He lies  
There with the lambkin  
Only swaddle for His garment  
With His Holy Mother Mary  
Alleluia, Alleluia! Glory, Glory to almighty God  
And on earth peace to all men  
Hear the joyful angels singing  
Alleluia, Alleluia!He is born  
Let us adore him  
Christ the Lord  
King of Kings  
Prince of Peace  
For all the universe  
Alleluia, Alleluia!

Well, it's Christmas time again 
Decorations are all hung by the fire 
Everybody's singin' 
All the bells are ringing out 
And it's Christmas all over again 
Yeah again.Long-distance relatives 
Haven't seen in a long, long time 
Yeah, I kind of missed 'em 
I just don't wanna kiss 'em, no 
It's Christmas all over again  
Yeah again.And all over town  
Little kids gonna get down 
And Christmas is a rockin' time  
Put your body next to mine 
Underneath the mistletoe, we go  
We go.Everybody's singin'  
All the bells are ringin' out 
It's Christmas all over again  
Yeah, again.And right down our block  
Little kids start to rock 
And Christmas is a rockin' time  
Put your body next to mine 
Underneath the mistletoe, we go  
We go.May Christmas time come and find you  
Happy and there by your fire 
I hope you have a good one  
I hope momma gets her shoppin' done 
And it's Christmas all over again 
Baby, it's Christmas all over again 
Ah yeah  
And it's Christmas all over again. Now, let's see 
I want a new Rickenbacker guitar  
Two Fender Bassmans  
Chuck Berry songbooks  
And a xylophone.
Christmas angels sing all around us 
Spread good tidings over the earth 
Telling of a Child in a manger who is born 
He is the King of kings. King of glory, hope for our nations 
Sent to earth to save and redeem 
Prince of peace, behold and adore 
The Son of God has come to set us free. Celebrate and sing Hallelujah 
Raise the banner, dance and rejoice 
Celebrate the birth of Messiah  
He's the King of King, the Lord of all. Hosanna, hosanna, hosanna in the highest 
Hosanna, hosanna, hosanna in the highest. We sing, joy to the world, the Lord has come  
Joy to the world, the Lord has come  
Joy to the world, He is here forever and always. Christmas angels sing all around us 
All creation hears what they say 
Bow before Him, come and behold  
The Son of God born on Christmas day. Joy to the world, the Lord has come. 
Christmas angels sing all around us 
Spread good tidings over the earth 
Telling of a Child in a manger who is born 
He is the King of kings. King of glory, hope for our nations 
Sent to earth to save and redeem 
Prince of peace, behold and adore 
The Son of God has come to set us free. Celebrate and sing Hallelujah 
Raise the banner, dance and rejoice 
Celebrate the birth of Messiah  
He's the King of King, the Lord of all. Hosanna, hosanna, hosanna in the highest 
Hosanna, hosanna, hosanna in the highest. We sing, joy to the world, the Lord has come  
Joy to the world, the Lord has come  
Joy to the world, He is here forever and always. Christmas angels sing all around us 
All creation hears what they say 
Bow before Him, come and behold  
The Son of God born on Christmas day. Joy to the world, the Lord has come. 
One day near Christmas, when I was just a child 
Mama called us together; mama tried to smile  
She said, "You know the cotton crop hasn't been too good this year  
There's no spending money, and well, at least we're all here 
I hope you won't expect a lot of Christmas presents  
Just be thankful that there is plenty to eat  
That's a blessing that'll make things a little more pleasant".And us kids got to thinking how really blessed we were  
At least we were all healthy and best of all, we had her.Roy cut down a pig apple tree  
And we dragged it home, Jack and me  
Daddy killed a squirrel and Louise made the bread  
Reba decorated the tree with popcorn strings  
Before we went to bed.Mama and daddy sacrificed 
Cause this Christmas was lean  
But after all, there was the babies, Tom and Joanne 
Babies need a few things.I whittled a whistle for my brother Jack  
And though we fought now and then  
When I gave Jack that whistle 
He knew I thought the world of him.Mama made the girl's dresses out of flour sacks  
And when she ironed them down 
You couldn't tell that they hadn't come from town.A sharecropper's family across the road 
Didn't have it as good as us  
They didn't even have a light and it was way past dusk.And mama said, "Well, I bet they don't even have coal or beans to boil  
A log, apples oranges and such".  
Me and Jack took a jar of coal, and some hickor' nuts we'd found  
We walked to the sharecropper's porch and set 'em down. 
A poor old ragged lady eased open the door  
She picked up the coal and hickor' nuts and said,  
"I sure do thank ye", and quickly closed the door.
We started back home, me and Jack  
And about halfway, we stopped and looked back  
And in the sharecropper's window, at last was a light  
So, for one of the neighbors and for us  
It was a good Christmas night.
Christmas came and Christmas went  
Christmas that year was heaven sent  
Then daddy put on his gumboots  
Waited for the thaw back home in Dyess, Arkansas.

It's Christmas at ground zero 
There's music in the air 
The sleigh bells are ringing  
And the carolers are singing 
While the air raid sirens blare.It's Christmas at ground zero 
The button has been pressed 
The radio just let us know  
That this is not a test.Everywhere the atom bombs are dropping 
It's the end of all humanity 
No more time for last-minute shopping 
It's time to face your final destiny.It's Christmas at ground zero 
There's panic in the crowd 
We can dodge debris while we trim the tree 
Underneath the mushroom cloud.Ronald Reagan: 
Well, the big day is only a few hours away now 
I'm sure you're all looking forward to it  
As much as we are.You might hear some reindeer on your rooftop 
Or Jack Frost on your windowsill 
But if someone's climbing down your chimney 
You better load your gun and shoot to kill.It's Christmas at ground zero 
And if the radiation level is okay 
I'll go out with you and see  
All the new mutations on New Year's Day. It's Christmas at ground zero 
Just seconds left to go 
I'll duck and cover with my Yuletide lover 
Underneath the mistletoe. It's Christmas at ground zero 
Now the missiles are on their way 
What a crazy fluke  
We're gonna get nuked 
On this jolly holiday.What a crazy fluke  
We're gonna get nuked 
On this jolly holiday.
It's time to make the Christmas punch 
Let's hang the streamers from the ceiling 
Bring out the old cheer  
Ring in the new year  
And get that Christmas feeling. I wish you joy that never ends  
Happy times with all your friends 
Come on and hold my hips a little longer 
As we do the Christmas Conga. Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga  
Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga. The old white tree still looks good 
And Grandma's angels got me thinking 
String up the new lights 
Brighten the cold nights 
And get those baubles blinking. I wish you joy that never ends  
Happy times with all your friends 
Come on and hold my hips a little longer 
As we do the Christmas Conga. Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga  
Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga. And then we'll put on party hats  
As the year comes to a conclusion 
Turn on the yule log  
Spike up the egg nog  
And break those resolutions. I wish you joy that never ends  
Happy times with all your friends 
Come on and hold my hips a little longer 
As we do the Christmas Conga. Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga  
Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga. I wish you joy that never ends  
Happy times with all your friends 
Come on and hold my hips a little longer 
As we do the Christmas Conga. Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga  
Bonga, bonga, bonga, bonga  
Do the Christmas Conga. 
Christmas Day is here and so are we  
Time for children and presents  
And Christmas tree, happiness. Christmas Day is all that it should be  
Lights and carols and holly  
And all kinds of loveliness.Christmas bells ringing out  
Goodwill to men and peace on earth  
Everything they taught you 
When you were a child  
The things a Child  
Once taught the world.If Christmas day is really in your heart  
You don't have to save up 
All your love to give once a year  
Learn to give, try to live  
Each day like Christmas Day.Christmas bells ringing out  
Goodwill to men and peace on earth  
Everything they taught you 
When you were a child  
The things a Child  
Once taught the world.If Christmas day is really in your heart  
You don't have to save up 
All your love to give once a year  
Learn to give, try to live  
Each day like Christmas Day.

On Christmas day 
A young gentleman came riding past 
On a snow blue winter's day.He asked to drink by our fire 
And I was pleased to let him stay 
He drank there quietly for a while.Then he turned and said to me 
"Your eyes are green like summer grass 
Your lips are red like a fresh cut rose 
Your hair is soft like an Irish stream 
And your voice is filled with sweet beauty".And the last words I heard him say 
Were, "I shall return for you my love 
On Christmas Day".The night will come, but I won't sleep 
As I watch the stars that lead him 
I cannot place where he is 
But still my heart goes with him.I'm savin' all my Sunday clothes 
For the day that I'll be leavin' 
Father knows, my sister knows 
And my friends, they're happy for me 
And the priest he says 
"You should thank God 
For the blessing of such beauty".And the last words I heard him say 
Were, "I shall return, for you, my love 
On Christmas day"."I shall return for you, my love 
On Christmas day".And the last words I heard him say 
Were the last words I ever heard him say 
"I shall return for you, my love 
On Christmas day"."I swear, I will return 
On Christmas day 
And yes, I shall return 
On Christmas day"."I shall return for you 
On Christmas day 
My love, I will return 
On Christmas day"."I shall return, my love 
On Christmas day 
On Christmas day".

Watch me now  
Here I go  
All I need is a little snow  
Starts me off, sets the theme  
Helps me dream my Christmas dream  
Every year I dream it  
Hoping things will change 
An end to the crying, the shouting, the dying  
And I hope you will dream it too  
It's Christmas, remember?   
We've got to remember! So, light the light, I'm home tonight  
I need you to warm me, to calm me, to love me  
To help me to dream my Christmas dream! Crazy things, said n'done  
Every single day but one  
Every night should I believe  
Be the same as Christmas Eve? 
Nights should all be silent 
Days should all slow down  
An end to the hurry, the noise and the worry  
And I hope you believe that too   
It's Christmas, remember?  
Does no one remember?   The whole world needs  
A Christmas dream 
We need it to warm us, to calm us, to love us  
To help us to dream our Christmas dream! The whole world needs a Christmas dream 
We need it to warm us, to calm us, to love us  
We need it to warm us, to calm us, to love us  
We need it to warm us, to calm us, to love us  
We need it to warm us, to calm us, to love us  
To help us to dream our Christmas dream.
I'm doing my Christmas dreaming 
A little early this year 
No sign of snow around; 
And yet I go around hearing  
Jingle bells ringing  
In my ear.Your promise must be the reason 
The happy season  
Is here; 
So, I'm doing my Christmas dreaming 
A little early  
This year.Your promise must be the reason 
The happy season  
Is here; 
So, I'm doing my Christmas dreaming 
A little early  
This year.
Snow falling gently to the ground 
'Tis is the night before 
And in my heart there is no doubt 
That this is going to be 
The brightest holiday 
'Cause here you are with me 
Baby, baby, I can't wait.Ooooh yeah yeah yeah!To spend this special time of year 
With someone who makes me feel  
The special way that you do. Ooooh yeah yeah yeah!Walking with you in a winter's snow 
Kissing underneath the mistletoe 
People smiling everywhere we go 
It's Christmas Eve  
And they can see we're in love.Ooh, you make the season bright 
With the lights reflecting in your eyes 
All my dreams are coming true tonight 
It's Christmas Eve  
And I can see we're in love.We'll stay up late tonight 
Decorate the tree 
Just look into my eyes 
And I will tell you truthfully 
That I don't need no Santa Claus 
To hear my Christmas wish 
I got you in my arms 
And what could be a better gift 
Than to spend my very favorite time of year 
With the one I really love, so near.Ooooh yeah yeah yeah!Walking with you in a winter's snow 
Kissing underneath the mistletoe 
People smiling everywhere we go 
It's Christmas Eve  
And they can see we're in love.Oooh!Ooh, you make the season bright 
With the lights reflecting in your eyes 
All my dreams are coming true tonight 
It's Christmas Eve  
And I can see we're in love.And the bells are ringing  
When I hear you say 
"We'll do it all again  
On Christmas Day"
I can't wait!Walking with you in a winter's snow 
Kissing underneath the mistletoe 
People smiling everywhere we go 
It's Christmas Eve  
And they can see we're in love.Ooh, you make the season bright 
With the lights reflecting in your eyes 
All my dreams are coming true tonight 
It's Christmas Eve  
And I can see we're in love.Walking with you in a winter's snow 
Kissing underneath the mistletoe 
People smiling everywhere we go 
It's Christmas Eve  
And they can see we're in love.Ooh, you make the season bright 
With the lights reflecting in your eyes 
All my dreams are coming true tonight 
It's Christmas Eve  
And I can see we're in love.
The winter's flaking snow 
Is brushing through the pine wood trees 
I stuck my hands down deep inside my coat 
I think of years ago 
And half remembered Christmas trees 
And faces that still warm me with their glow.The cold and empty evening  
Hangs around me like a ghost 
I listen to my footsteps in the snow 
The sound of one man walkin' through the snow  
Can break your heart 
But stopping doesn't help, so on I'll go.And Christmas eve can kill you 
When you're trying to hitch a ride to anywhere.The icy air I'm breathin'  
Is all that keeps me on my feet 
I feel like I've been walking all my life 
A car goes running by  
The man don't even turn his head 
Guess he's busy being Santa Claus tonight.The saddest part of all  
Is knowing if I switched with him 
I'd leave him stumblin' ragged by the road 
I'd ride that highway to the arms of my sweet family 
And forget about the stranger in the cold.And Christmas eve can kill you 
When you're trying to hitch a ride to anywhere.And as I walk I'm singin' to myself  
Oh silent night 
Hoping I can save those other souls 
Oh, God forgive the man  
Who drives right by the other man 
Have pity on the stranger in the cold.'Cause Christmas Eve can kill you 
When you're trying to hitch a ride to anywhere.
Tall in the saddle we spend Christmas day  
Driving the cattle on the snow-covered plains. 
All of the good gifts given today 
Ours is the sky and the wide open range.Back in the cities, they have different ways 
Football and eggnog and Christmas parades 
I'll take the saddle, I'll take the reins 
It's Christmas for cowboys and wide open plains.A campfire for warmth as we stop for the night 
The stars overhead are the Christmas tree lights 
The wind sings a hymn as we bow down to pray 
It's Christmas for cowboys and the wide open plains.Tall in the saddle we spend Christmas Day 
Driving the cattle on the snow-covered plains. 
So many gifts have been opened today 
Ours is the sky and the wide open range. 
It's Christmas for cowboys and wide open plains.
It happened one day near December's end 
Two neighbors called on an old-time friend 
And they found his shop so meager and mean 
Made gay with a thousand boughs of green.And Conrad was sitting with face a-shine 
When he suddenly stopped as he stitched a twine 
And he said, "Old friends, at dawn today 
When the cock was crowing the night away 
The Lord appeared in a dream to me 
And said, 'I am coming your guest to be.'"So I've been busy with feet astir 
Strewing my shop with branches of fir 
The table is spread and the kettle is shined 
And over the rafters the holly is twined.""And now I will wait for my Lord to appear 
And listen closely so I will hear 
His step as He nears my humble place 
And I open the door and look on His face."So his friends went home and left Conrad alone 
For this was the happiest day he had known 
For, long since, his family had passed away 
And Conrad had spent many a sad Christmas day.But he knew with the Lord as his Christmas guest 
This Christmas would be the dearest and best 
So he listened with only joy in his heart 
And with every sound he would rise with a start 
And look for the Lord to be at his door 
Like the vision he had a few hours before.So, he ran to the window after hearing a sound 
But all that he could see on the snow-covered ground 
Was a shabby beggar whose shoes were torn 
And all of his clothes were ragged and worn.But Conrad was touched and went to the door 
And he said, "Your feet must be frozen and sore 
I have some shoes in my shop for you 
And a coat that will keep you warmer, too."So with grateful heart the man went away 
But Conrad noticed the time of day 
He wondered what made the Lord so late 
And how much longer he'd have to wait.When he heard a knock and ran to the door 
But it was only a stranger once more 
A bent, old lady with a shawl of black 
With a bundle of kindling piled on her back.She asked for only a place to rest 
But that was reserved for Conrad's Great Guest 
But her voice seemed to plead, "Don't send me away 
Let me rest for awhile on Christmas day."So Conrad brewed her a steaming cup 
And told her to sit at the table and sup 
But after she left he was filled with dismay 
For he saw that the hours were slipping away 
And the Lord had not come as He said He would 
And Conrad felt sure he had misunderstood.When out of the stillness he heard a cry 
"Please help me and tell me where am I." 
So again he opened his friendly door 
And stood disappointed as twice before 
It was only a child who had wandered away 
And was lost from her family on Christmas Day.Again Conrad's heart was heavy and sad 
But he knew he should make the little girl glad 
So he called her in and wiped her tears 
And quieted all her childish fears.Then he led her back to her home once more 
But as he entered his own darkened door 
He knew that the Lord was not coming today 
For the hours of Christmas had passed away.So he went to his room and knelt down to pray 
And he said, "Dear Lord, why did you delay 
What kept You from coming to call on me? 
For I wanted so much Your face to see."When soft in the silence a voice he heard 
"Lift up your head for I kept My word 
Three times My shadow crossed your floor 
Three times I came to your lowly door.For I was the beggar with bruised, cold feet 
I was the woman you gave something to eat 
And I was the child on the homeless street.Three times I knocked and three times I came in 
And each time I found the warmth of a friend 
Of all the gifts, love is the best 
I was honored to be your Christmas Guest."

It was December 24th on Hollis Ave after dark 
When I see a man chillin' with his dog in the park  
I approached very slowly with my heart full of fear  
Looked at his dog, oh my God, an ill reindeer  
But then I was willin' because the man had a beard  
And a bag full of goodies, 12 o'clock had neared  
So, I turned my head a second and the man had gone  
But he must have dropped his wallet smack down on the lawn.I picked the wallet up, then I took a pause  
Took out the license and it cold said "Santa Claus"  
A million dollars in it, cold hundreds of G's  
Enough to buy a boat and matching car with ease  
But I'd never steal from Santa, cause that ain't right  
So I was going home to mail it back to him that night  
But when I got home I bugged, cause under the tree  
Was a letter from Santa and the dough's for me.It's Christmas time in Hollis Queens  
Mom's cooking chicken and collard greens  
Rice and stuffin', macaroni and cheese  
And Santa put gifts under Christmas trees  
Decorate the house with lights at night  
Snow's on the ground, snow white so bright  
In the fireplace is the yule log  
Beneath the mistletoe as we drink eggnog  
The rhymes that you hear are the rhymes of Darryl's  
But each and every year we bust Christmas carols.Rhymes so loud and proud you hear it  
It's Christmas time and we got the spirit  
Jack Frost chillin', the orchids out  
And that's what Christmas is all about  
The time is now, the place is here  
And the whole wide world is filled with cheer.My name's D.M.C. with the mike in my hand  
And I'm chilling and coolin' just like a snowman  
So open your eyes, lend us an ear  
We want to say Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Chorus:  
It's Christmas in Hollywood 
Santa's back up in the hood 
So meet me under the mistletoe  
Lets fuck! 
It's Chanukah in Inglewood 
The dreidel's spinning in the hood 
So meet me by the menorah 
Lets get drunk.Ho ho ho!
Merry Christmas

Chorus:  
It's Christmas in Hollywood 
Santa's back up in the hood 
So meet me under the mistletoe  
Lets fuck! 
It's Chanukah in Inglewood 
The driedel's spinning in the hood 
So meet me by the menorah 
Lets get drunk.
Ju Ju Ju Just a little story about last Christmas  
About some bad kids who were full of wishes 
We gave some gifts and then we gave some lovin' 
The weird kind of love, that you give to your cousin 
Little Timmy stole from 7-11 
So, we stopped by his house with a pair of sevens 
We drank in his room with some dude named Kevin 
But, there was still some bad kids who deserved some presents 
Zack got caught with a bottle of Jack 
So we slipped down his chimney with an 18 pack 
He didn't leave cookies but we needed a snack 
So, we took the beer back and I fucked him in the ass!!! 
It's Charlie Scene, got eggnog in my flask 
The holidays are back and all my presents are wrapped 
Like Oh My God! Is that Saint Nick? 
Kids give me your list, like it's the 25th 
Been accused of being a bad kid 
But I get presents as it is 
Cause Mrs.Claus just MySpace'd me 
I blew off a date on Christmas eve 
So, I don't give a fuck if you're naughty or nice 
You might still get a Rolly and a gang on ice 
So write your list and never have no fear 
Have a Hollywood Christmas  
And an Undead New Year!!!!
Fuck Yeah!!
Watch your language 
Ho ho ho
'Bout to serve it up for all you boys and girls 
Good kids, bad and even Da Kurlzz 
We were chillin' at home and deckin' the halls 
So I checked my phone and Santa had called 
He said he'd swing by at a quarter to twelve 
He said that his jolly ass needed some help 
He said, "Christmas ain't a gang but a way of life 
If you guide my sleigh, I'll let you fuck my wife." 
So we jumped in his sleigh and it started to jingle 
Funnier than fuck, you can ask Kris Kringle 
So we all took flight but something was fishy 
He asked for road head and started to kiss me 
Underneath his suit was just a bunch of pillows 
Instead of bags of presents, he had bags of dildos 
I pulled down his beard and it was a monster 
It wasn't Saint Nick it was a fuckin' imposter.
When we found out, he started to pout 
I took my bandana and I choked him out 
I pulled off his beard and I fucked his mouth 
Hijacked his sleigh and headed down south 
I had a lot of wild nights, but tonight was the craziest 
Met a lot of Jeffs, but this one was the shadiest 
When it comes to cheer, that motherfucker's a grinch 
So, if you don't like Christmas, fuck you bitch!!!
You kids are in big trouble 
Oh boy 
Ho ho! 
Looks like Santa had a little too much eggnog.
Chorus:  
It's Christmas in Hollywood 
Santa's back up in the hood 
So meet me under the mistletoe  
Lets fuck! 
It's Chanukah in Inglewood 
The dreidel's spinning in the hood 
So meet me by the menorah 
Lets get drunk.Lets get drunk 
Ho ho yeah.
Lets get drunk.Chorus:  
It's Christmas in Hollywood 
Santa's back up in the hood 
So meet me under the mistletoe  
Lets fuck! 
It's Chanukah in Inglewood 
The dreidel's spinning in the hood 
So meet me by the menorah 
Lets get drunk 
Lets get drunk.Chorus:  
It's Christmas in Hollywood 
Santa's back up in the hood 
So meet me under the mistletoe  
Lets fuck! 
It's Chanukah in Inglewood 
The driedel's spinning in the hood 
So meet me by the menorah 
Lets get drunk.
Christmas in jail  
Christmas in jail  
Had a little too much to drink     
Ain't got no bail     
Ain't got no bail  
And spendin' New Year's Eve in the clink. I was in the wrong lane  
Feelin' no pain   
Zoomed my car to seventy-five 
Ran right into 
You can guess who  
And say I'm lucky to be alive. Merry Christmas!  
Happy New Year! They're singin' down the street  
While everybody's havin' Christmas turkey  
They give me bread and water to eat. Christmas in jail  
Christmas in jail  
Wore my shoes out pacin' the floor 
Got rocks in my head   
I wish I was dead  
Ain't gonna drink and drive no more. Merry Christmas!  
Happy New Year! They're singin' down the street  
While everybody's havin' Christmas turkey  
They give me bread and water to eat. Christmas in jail  
Christmas in jail  
Wore my shoes out pacin' the floor 
Got rocks in my head   
I wish I was dead  
Ain't gonna drink and drive no more 
Ain't gonna drink and drive no more 
Ain't gonna drink and drive no more. Merry Christmas! 
Hic! Hic! Hic!   
We'll be having fun   
Under the golden sun  
Christmas in Jamaica  
Here we come   
We'll just sail on   
Just sail. Lovers frolickin'   
Playin' in the sand   
Got my Coppertone   
Getting on my tan.Exotic setting   
For a lady   
And her man   
A perfect little holiday   
Sounds like a plan. We can stay in bed all afternoon  
We can make out to some cool Reggae tunes  
We can sail under the light of the moon   
Wish we could freeze this moment  
Then it wouldn't end so soon. We'll be having fun    
Under the golden sun    
Christmas in Jamaica   
Here we come    
We'll just sail on   
Just sail. Unplug the phones, y'all  
Don't need no calls   
No callin' home   
Take a break from it all. 'Cause we both grown    
And we can do whatever, see?   
Baby, it's just you and me   
Let's live out a fantasy.Hiking in the mountains, romantic rendezvous  
Bathing in the fountains, stop; let me look at you   
Just in case you're doubtin', let me paint a view    
Picture you're in heaven, everything is true. We'll be having fun   
Under the golden sun   
Christmas in Jamaica   
Here we come  
We'll just sail on  
Just sail.

Every time we say goodbye 
There's something breaking deep inside 
I tried to hide my feelings  
To keep myself controlled 
But somehow I can't deny  What's deep inside my soul.I've been always on the run 
So many different places, having fun 
But like a river always knows just where to flow 
Now that December comes, I feel like coming home.It's Christmas in my heart 
When I'm with you 
No matter where we are or what we do.Tomorrow may be gray 
We may be torn apart 
But if you stay tonight 
It's Christmas in my heart.I don't know how to stay alive 
Without your touch, without you by my side 
Just like the desert's always waiting for the rain 
Oh baby, I wish the holy night would come again.It's Christmas in my heart 
When I'm with you 
No matter where we are or what we do.Everywhere I go and everyone I know 
Is making lots of wishes for old Santa Claus 
But all I really need tonight 
Is for you to come and hold me tight 
What is Christmas without you here by my side 
I need you tonight.
Whenever I see girls and boys 
Selling lanterns on the streets 
I remember the child in the manger  
As he sleeps.Wherever there are people 
Giving gifts, exchanging cards 
I believe that Christmas 
Is truly in our hearts.Let's light our Christmas trees  
For a bright tomorrow 
Where nations are at peace  
And all are one in God.Chorus: 
Let's sing Merry Christmas 
And a happy holiday 
This season may we never forget  
The love we have for Jesus 
Let him be the one to guide us  
As another new year starts 
And may the spirit of Christmas 
Be always in our hearts.In every prayer and every song 
The community unites  
Celebrating the birth of our savior  
Jesus Christ. Let love like that starlight  
On that first Christmas morn 
Lead us back to the manger  
Where Christ the child was born.So, come let us rejoice 
Come and sing the Christmas carols 
With one big joyful voice 
Proclaim the name of the Lord.Chorus: 
Let's sing Merry Christmas 
And a happy holiday 
This season may we never forget  
The love we have for Jesus 
Let him be the one to guide us  
As another new year starts 
And may the spirit of Christmas  
Be always in our hearts.Chorus: 
Let's sing Merry Christmas 
And a happy holiday 
This season may we never forget  
The love we have for Jesus 
Let him be the one to guide us  
As another new year starts 
And may the spirit of Christmas  
Be always in our hearts.
We had Christmas in prison 
And the food was real good 
We had turkey and pistols 
Carved out of wood.And I dream of her always 
Even when I don't dream 
Her name's on my tongue 
And her blood in my stream.Wait a while  
Eternity  
Old Mother Nature's 
Got nothing on me 
Come to me  
Run to me 
Come to me now 
We're rolling  
My sweetheart 
We're flowing 
By God! She reminds me of a chess game 
With someone I admire 
Or a picnic in the rain 
After a prairie fire.Her heart is as big 
As this whole goddamn jail 
She's sweeter than saccharine 
At a drug store sale.Wait a while  
Wait a while  
Eternity  
Old Mother Nature's 
Got nothing on me 
Come to me  
Run to me 
Come to me now 
We're rolling  
My sweetheart 
We're flowing 
By God! 
The searchlight in the big yard  
Goes round with the gun  
And spotlights the snowflakes   
Like dust in the sun.
It's Christmas in prison  
And there'll be music tonight  
I'll probably get homesick  
I love you 
Goodnight. 
Wait a while  
Eternity  
Old Mother Nature's 
Got nothing on me 
Come to me  
Run to me 
Come to me now 
We're rolling  
My sweetheart 
We're flowing 
By God! 

Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time to love. Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time to love. Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time to love. Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time to love. We often start to worry  
And people get upset   
If things don't go alright on Christmas day. What we should remember   
In all the push and shove     
Is Christmas is a time to love. 
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time to love.
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time to love. 
Maybe things don't sound right   
Or look the way they should   
And maybe they're not perfectly in tune.
It really doesn't matter   
Lets keep our eyes above   
Cos' Christmas is a time to love. 
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time to love.
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time to love. 
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time to love.
Christmas is a time   
Christmas is a time  
Christmas is a time to love. 

Christmas is here 
And it's only just begun 
Time for merry fun 
Yum tum tum hey! 
Come on an cheer 
Don't forget tell everyone 
Sing with Bearforce One 
Ting ting hurray!Just hear those sleigh bells jingling 
Ring tingling too 
Come on it's lovely weather  
For a sleigh ride  
Together with you 
Outside the snow is falling 
And friends are calling "yoo hoo" 
Come on it's lovely weather  
For a sleigh ride  
Together with you.You better watch out 
You better not cry 
You better not pout 
I'm tellin' you why 
Santa Claus is coming to town.Sleigh bells ring 
Are you listenin'? 
In the lane 
Snow is glistenin' 
A beautiful sight 
We're happy tonight 
Walkin' in a winter wonderland.Gone away  
Is the blue bird 
Here to stay is the new bird 
He sings a love song 
As we go along 
Walkin' in a winter wonderland.We wish you a merry Christmas 
We wish you a merry Christmas 
We wish you a hairy Christmas 
And a happy 
Such a happy 
New year!Christmas is here  
And it's only just begun 
Time for merry fun 
Yum tum tum hey! 
Come on and cheer 
Don't forget tell everyone 
Sing with Bearforce One 
Ting-ting hurray! 
Have a merry ding dong day! 

Christmas is just around the corner 
Christmas, you feel it in the air  
Better write all your letters to Santa 
There's shopping and wrapping to do  
I bet you'll never believe it  
When you see what I got you  
You're gonna love it. Christmas is just around the corner  
Candles are glowing everywhere 
Can't wait until that night 
Reindeer appear 
Christmas   
And it's just about here. Christmas 
(Christmas) 
Is just around the corner 
(Is just around the corner) 
Christmas 
(Christmas) 
You feel it in the air  
(You feel it in the air) 
All the trees are surrounded with presents  
The stockings are fillin' up too 
I bet you'll never believe it 
When you see what I got you. What did you get me?Christmas 
(Christmas) 
Is just around the corner 
(Is just around the corner) 
Sleigh bells 
(Sleigh bells) 
Are ringing in the square 
(Are ringing in the square) 
Too bad December comes 
Just once a year 
Christmas 
(Christmas) 
Time to trim the tree 
Christmas 
(Christmas) 
Can it really be?  
Christmas 
(Christmas) 
Yes, its finally here  
We've been waiting all year  
And it's finally here  
Yes, it's finally here   
Ooohhhhh  
It's finally here 
Christmas!
Christmas is the time to say "I love you" 
Share the joys of laughter and good cheer 
Christmas is the time to say "I love you" 
And a feeling that will last all through the year.On the corner, carolers are singing 
There's a touch of magic in the air 
From grownup to minor, no one could be finer 
Times are hard but no one seems to care.Christmas Eve and all the world is watching 
Santa guides his reindeer through the dark 
From rooftop to chimney, from Harlem to Bimini 
They will find a way into your heart.Christmas is the time to say "I love you" 
Share the joys of laughter and good cheer 
Christmas is the time to say "I love you" 
And a feeling that will last all through the year.Just outside the window, snow is falling 
But here beside the fire, we share the glow
Of moonlight and brandy, sweet talk and candy
Sentiments that everyone should know.Memories of the year that lays behind us 
Wishes for the year that's yet to come 
And it stands to reason, that good friends in season 
Make you feel that life has just begun.Christmas is the time to say "I love you" 
Share the joys of laughter and good cheer 
Christmas is the time to say "I love you" 
And a feeling that will last all through the year.So, when spirits grow lighter 
And hopes are shining brighter 
Then you know that 
Christmas time is here.

Christmas night, another fight 
Tears we cried a flood 
Got all kinds of poison in 
Poison in my blood. I took my feet  
To Oxford Street  
Trying to right a wrong  
Just walk away  
Those windows say  
But I can't believe she's gone. When you're still waiting for the snow to fall 
Doesn't really feel like Christmas at all. Up above candles on air flicker 
Oh they flicker and they float 
But I'm up here holding on  
To all those chandeliers of hope. Like some drunken Elvis singing   
I go singing out of tune        
Saying how I always loved you darling    
And I always will. Oh when you're still waiting for the snow to fall   
Doesn't really feel like Christmas at all. Still waiting for the snow to fall 
It doesn't really feel like Christmas at all. Those Christmas lights 
Light up the street  
Down where the sea and city meet 
May all your troubles soon be gone 
Oh Christmas lights keep shining on. Those Christmas lights  
Light up the street  
Maybe they'll bring her back to me   
Then all my troubles will be gone 
Oh Christmas lights keep shining on. Oh Christmas lights  
Light up the street 
Light up the fireworks in me   
May all your troubles soon be gone   
Those Christmas lights keep shining on.
What if ribbons and bows didn't mean a thing 
Would the song still survive without five golden rings 
Would you still wanna kiss without mistletoe 
What would happen if God never let it snow 
What would happen if Christmas carols told a lie 
Tell me what would you find?You'd see that today holds something special 
Something holy, not superficial 
So here's to the birthday boy who saved our lives 
It's something we all try to ignore 
And put a wreath up on your door 
So, here's something you should know that is for sure 
Christmas must be something more.What if angels did not pay attention 
To all the things that we wished they would always do 
What if happiness came in a cardboard box 
Then I think there is something we all forgot 
What would happen if presents all went away 
Tell me what would you find?You'd see that today holds something special 
Something holy, not superficial 
So here's to the birthday boy who saved our lives 
It's something we all try to ignore 
And put a wreath up on your door 
So, here's something you should know that is for sure 
Christmas must be something more.We get so caught up in all of it 
Business and relationships 
Hundred mile an hour lives 
And it's this time of year 
And everybody's here 
It seems the last thing on your mind.Is that the day holds something special 
Something holy, not superficial 
So here's to Jesus Christ who saved our lives 
It's something we all try to ignore 
And put a wreath up on your door 
But here's something you should know that is for sure 
Christmas must be something 
Christmas must be something 
Christmas must be something more.There's gotta be more 
There's gotta be more.
Come down to the manger, see the little stranger 
Wrapped in swaddling clothes, the prince of peace 
The wheels start turning, torches start burning 
And the whole wise men journey from the east. How a little baby boy bring the people so much joy? 
Son of a carpenter, Mary carried the light 
This must be Christmas, must be tonight. A shepherd on the hillside, where over my flock I bide 
On a cold winter night, a band of angels sing 
In a dream I heard a voice say, "Fear not, come rejoice 
It's the end of the beginning, praise the new born King". How a little baby boy bring the people so much joy? 
Son of a carpenter, Mary carried the light 
This must be Christmas, must be tonight. I saw it with my own eyes, written up in the skies 
But why a simple herdsmen such as I? 
And then it came to pass, He was born at last 
Right below the star that shines on high. How a little baby boy bring the people so much joy 
Son of a carpenter, Mary carried the light 
This must be Christmas, must be tonight. Son of a carpenter, Mary carried the light 
This must be Christmas, must be tonight. Be tonight, be tonight 
Be tonight, be tonight 
Be tonight, be tonight.
Over the skies of Bethlehem appeared a star  
While angels sang to lowly shepherds 
Three wise men seeking truth, they traveled from afar   
Hoping to find the Child from Heaven 
Falling on their knees  
They bow before the humble Prince of peace. We bring an offering of worship to our King  
No one on earth deserves the praises that we sing  
Jesus, may You receive the honor that You're due  
O Lord, I bring an offering to You. The sun cannot compare to the glory of Your love 
There is no shadow in Your presence 
No mortal man would dare to stand before Your throne 
Before the Holy One of Heaven, it's only by Your blood  
It's only through Your mercy, Lord I come. I bring an offering of worship to my King  
No one on earth deserves the praises that I sing  
Jesus, may You receive the honor that You're due 
O Lord, I bring an offering to You. I bring an offering of worship to my King  
No one on earth deserves the praises that I sing   
Jesus, may You receive the honor that You're due  
O Lord, I bring an offering to You. We bring an offering to You  
We are an offering to You  
An offering of praise we sing 
An offering to You. We are an offering to You, Jesus    
An offering of praise we sing  
An offering to You   
We are an offering, oh Lord. We are an offering of worship to our King  
No one on earth deserves the praises that we sing  
Jesus, may You receive the honor that You're due  
O Lord, we bring an offering to You  
O Lord, we bring an offering. Offering to You  
We bring an offering to You  
We are an offering to You.
Christmas pipes, Christmas pipes 
Calling us, calling on Christmas night 
Call us from far, call us from near 
Oh! play me your Christmas pipes.Christmas bells, Christmas bells 
Over the hills and over the dells 
Ringing out bright, ringing out clear 
Oh! ring me your Christmas bells.Christmas strings, Christmas strings 
Playing the peace that Christmas brings 
Fiddle and bow, gentle and low 
Oh! play me your Christmas strings.Christmas pipes, Christmas pipes 
Calling us, calling on Christmas night 
Call us from far, call us from near 
Oh! play me your Christmas pipes.Oh holy night, the stars are brightly shining 
It is the night of the Savior's birth.Christmas choir, Christmas choir 
Christmas carols 'round Christmas fire 
Holy night, angels on high 
Round up your Christmas choir.Christmas band, Christmas band 
You're waiting for me with your Christmas band 
Cymbal and drum, rattle and hum 
March out your Christmas band.Good to be home to your Christmas band.
Underneath a winter sky 
A distant train sings out the miles 
And so I wonder can it be 
Will every mile bring you to me? A promise made may still come true 
So I am waiting here for you 
If you don't come, what will I do? 
Who shall I tell my secrets to?Christmas bells ring out their chimes 
I hear them echo through the night 
And moonlight shines upon the road 
And trembles on the falling snow.I look into the midnight blue 
So many stars I never knew 
If you don't come, what will I do? 
Who shall I tell my secrets to?I look into the midnight blue 
So many stars I never knew 
If you don't come, what will I do? 
Who shall I tell my secrets to?

It was almost Christmas time  
There I stood in another line  
Tryin' to buy that last gift or two  
Not really in the Christmas mood.  
Standing right in front of me was  
A little boy waiting anxiously  
Pacing 'round like little boys do  
And in his hands he held a pair of shoes.His clothes were worn and old  
He was dirty from head to toe  
And when it came his time to pay  
I couldn't believe what I heard him say  
"Sir, I want to buy these shoes  
For my Mama, please  
It's Christmas Eve and these shoes are just her size  
Could you hurry, sir?  
Daddy says there's not much time  
You see she's been sick for quite a while  
And I know these shoes would make her smile  
And I want her to look beautiful  
If Mama meets Jesus tonight."He counted pennies for what seemed like years  
Then the cashier said, "Son, there's not enough here"  
He searched his pockets frantically  
Then he turned and he looked at me  
He said, "Mama made Christmas good at our house  
Though most years she just did without  
Tell me Sir, what am I going to do?  
Somehow I've got to buy her these Christmas shoes."So I laid the money down  
I just had to help him out  
I'll never forget the look on his face when  
He said "Mama's gonna look so great." "Sir, I want to buy these shoes  
For my Mama, please  
It's Christmas Eve and these shoes are just her size  
Could you hurry, sir  
Daddy says there's not much time  
You see she's been sick for quite a while  
And I know these shoes would make her smile  
And I want her to look beautiful  
If Mama meets Jesus tonight."I knew I'd caught a glimpse of heaven's love  
As he thanked me and ran out  
I knew that God had sent that little boy  
To remind me just what Christmas is all about.
Once in royal David's city  
Stood a lowly cattle shed 
Where a mother laid her baby 
You'd do well to remember the things He later said 
When you're stuffing yourselves at the Christmas parties 
You'll laugh when I tell you to take a running jump 
You're missing the point I'm sure does not need making 
That Christmas spirit is not what you drink.So, how can you laugh when your own mother's hungry? 
And how can you smile when the reasons for smiling are wrong? 
And if I messed up your thoughtless pleasures 
Remember, if you wish, this is just a Christmas song.Hey Santa, pass us that bottle, will you?

Till I had you I didn't know 
That I was missing out 
Had to grow up and see the world 
Through different shades of doubt 
Give me one more chance to dream again 
One more chance to feel again 
Through your young heart 
If only for one day, let me try.I wanna see Christmas through your eyes 
I want everything to be the way it used to be 
Back to being a child again thinking the world was mine 
I wanna see Christmas, Christmas through your eyes.I see the rain
You see the rainbow hiding in the clouds 
Never afraid to let your love show 
Won't you show me how? 
Wanna learn how to believe again 
Find the innocence in me again 
Through your young heart 
Help me find a way, help me try.I wanna see Christmas through your eyes 
I want everything to be the way it used to be 
Back to being a child again thinking the world was mine 
I wanna see Christmas, Christmas through your eyes.I wanna see Christmas through your eyes 
I want everything to be the way it used to be 
Back to being a child again thinking the world was mine 
I wanna see Christmas, Christmas through your eyes.I wanna see Christmas 
I wanna see Christmas 
I wanna see Christmas through your eyes 
I wanna see, I wanna see Christmas 
I wanna see, I wanna see Christmas 
I wanna see Christmas through your eyes 
I wanna see Christmas 
I want to see Christmas 
I wanna see Christmas through your eyes.
Fa la la la la 
Fa la la la la la la. When I was young  
Every Christmas Eve   
I could not sleep    
Trying to catch that old St.Nick  
Leaving presents under my tree   
And every year I'd fall asleep     
Laying in my bed   
Dreaming of a million sugarplums  
Dancing in my head. Oh how much joy it is  
At Christmas time  
The spirit of giving is in our lives, oh  
Oh, how much joy it brings  
To see the ones you love   
This year's gonna be the best Christmas  
Because: There'll be family and Christmas cheer 
Peace and goodwill to all men                      
Everybody is home for Christmas   
Everybody is home   
Sneaking a kiss under the mistletoe  
I want a white Christmas  
So let it snow   
Everybody is home for Christmas   
Everybody is home  
It's Christmas time.   Friends come together   
As we decorate the tree   
This is the time of year 
To live in harmony, oh  
Angels watch over 
As we put the kids to sleep    
It's Christmas time 
And when they awake their smiling faces  
Make it all complete, oh   
This is the holiday you're with the family   
We put aside our differences and let it be, oh      
Oh, how much fun it is to give and to receive    
This time of year 
Love is all we need, oh!  There'll be family and Christmas cheer    
Peace and goodwill to all men      
Everybody is home for Christmas     
Everybody is home  
Sneaking a kiss under the mistletoe  
I want a white Christmas 
So, let it snow     
Everybody is home for Christmas     
Everybody is home 
It's Christmas time   
It's Christmas time! Fa la la la la    
Fa la la la la la la. Open your hearts now  
This is the time for us to give  
The world needs love now                
So live and let live   
Families all here   
The spirit is good cheer    
The sound of carolers    
Ringing sweet in my ear   
Everything is all fine  
You know why,     
It's Christmas time     
What?   Oh, how much joy it is at Christmas time    
The spirit of giving is in our lives       
Oh, oh how much joy it brings        
To see the ones you love        
This year's gonna be the best Christmas  
Because:   There'll be family and Christmas cheer    
Peace and goodwill to all men      
Everybody is home for Christmas         
Everybody is home     
Sneaking a kiss under the mistletoe      
I want a white Christmas       
So let it snow      
Everybody is home for Christmas     
Everybody is home      
It's Christmas time!
Feigning joy and surprise 
At the gifts we despise  
Over mulled wine  
With you.On the 25th day  
Of the 12th month  
The sleigh bells are in time  
Ringing true.How we cling each Noel 
To that snowflakes 
And hope in hell  
That it won't end.Don't let the bells end  
Christmas time 
Just let them ring  
In peace.

Christmas tree 
Baby, baby you and me 
We untangle pines  
And hung some memories. Suit and tie 
Places to be tonight 
Girl, you've gotta know I don't wanna go  
It's so toasty warm inside.Baby, let's just light the fire 
But I got a new dress 
Doesn't look so safe to drive 
You bought me that necklace 
We won't know what we're missin'  
If we don't go out for Christmas tonight.

So much snow 
The wind you know is bound to blow  
And mess up your hair, make it very wet 
Let's don't go. 
It's too late 
Whatever would we say  
We shouldn't break our plans  
Let down our friends 
Baby you best behave.
Baby, let's just light the fire  
What about the city? 
Doesn't look so safe to drive  
But the drive's so pretty 
We won't know what we're missin'  
If we don't go out for Christmas tonight. 
You lookin too good to share  
And maybe our friends won't care
Baby, we always got next year. 
Baby let's just light the fire 
I'll get the matches  
Doesn't look real safe to drive  
I'll grab some glasses 
Won't know what we're missin'  
If we don't go out for Christmas tonight 
Maybe we should stay in, baby 
We won't know what we're missin'  
If we don't go out for Christmas tonight.

Ra pa pam pam 
Ra pa pam pam 
Ra pa pam pam 
Ra pa pam pam.Light me up, put me on top 
Let's falalalalalalala 
Light me up put me on top 
Let's falalalalalalala.The only place you wanna be is 
Underneath my Christmas tree 
The only place you wanna be is 
Underneath my Christmas tree.Light me up, put me on top 
Let's falalalalalalala 
Light me up, put me on top 
Let's falalalalalalala.Ho ho ho, under the mistletoe 
Yes, everybody knows 
We will take off our clothes 
Yes, if you want us to, we will.You, oh ,oh, a Christmas 
My Christmas tree is delicious 
Oh ,oh, a Christmas 
My Christmas tree is delicious.Light you up, put you on top 
Let's falalalalalalala 
Light you up, put you on top 
Let's falalalalalalala.Ho ho ho, under the mistletoe 
Yes, everybody knows 
We will take off our clothes 
Yes, if you want us to, we will.You, oh ,oh, a Christmas 
My Christmas tree is delicious 
Oh ,oh, a Christmas 
My Christmas tree is delicious.Here, here, here 
The best time of the year 
Take off my stockings we're 
I'm spreading Christmas cheer 
Yes, if you want us to we will.You, oh ,oh, a Christmas 
My Christmas tree is delicious 
Oh ,oh, a Christmas 
My Christmas tree is delicious.Space cowboy, Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga 
And she goes 
Space cowboy, Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga 
Here we go.Cherry, cherry, boom, boom!
It's that time, Christmas time is here 
Everybody knows there's not a better time of year 
Hear that sleigh, Santa's on his way  
Hip hip hooray! for Christmas vacation. Gotta a ton of stuff to celebrate  
(jing-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling-ling) 
Now it's getting closer, I can't wait  
(jang-a-lang-a-lang-a-lang-lang) 
Gonna make this holiday as perfect as can be 
Just wait and see this Christmas vacation. This old house sure is looking good 
Got ourselves the finest snowman in the neighborhood  
Ain't it fun, always on the run 
That's how its done on Christmas vacation. Lets all deck the halls and light the lights 
(jing-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling-ling) 
Get a toasty fire buring bright   
(jang-a-lang-a-lang-a-lang-lang) 
Give St. Nick the warmest welcome that he's every had  
We're so glad it Christmas vacation. And when the nights are peaceful and serene  
We can cuddle up and do our Christmas dreaming.(jing-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling-ling) 
(jang-a-lang-a-lang-a-lang-lang) 
Oooooh

Christmas vacation  
Christmas vacation  
Christmas vacation  
Christmas vacation  
Christmas vacation  
Christmas vacation  
Christmas vacation  
We're so glad it's Christmas vacation. 
Peace and joy and love are everywhere  
(jing-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling-ling) 
You can feel the magic in the air 
(jang-a-lang-a-lang-a-lang-lang) 
Let the spirit of the season carry us away  
Hip hip hooray! for Christmas vacation. 
Fa-la-la-la-la and ho ho ho 
Jingle, jangle, jingle as we go 
Let the spirit of the season..

It's always the same at every Christmas  
When love comes alive around the world  
We open up our hearts when love is in the air  
It seems such a shame to me  
It's a season that comes only once a year.Chorus:   
So let's make a Christmas wish together  
Let's hope the best of dreams come true  
Let's make the spirit last forever  
This is my Christmas wish for you.If I could give any gift I wanted  
A present to every boy and girl  
I'd make it a miracle that came from God above  
A picture of peace on earth  
Where each person is judged by the power of love.Chorus:   
So let's make a Christmas wish together  
Let's hope the best of dreams come true  
Let's make the spirit last forever  
This is my Christmas wish for you.It seems such a shame to me  
It's a season that comes only once a year.Chorus:   
So let's make a Christmas wish together  
Let's hope the best of dreams come true  
Let's make the spirit last forever  
This is my Christmas wish for you.
It's Christmas Eve, and snow is on the ground 
Mistletoe and holly all around  
Yes, all the world is happy, but since you went away  
My Christmas will be just another lonely day  
Yeah, another lonely day, yeah. My tree is trimmed with pretty colored lights  
And at the top, the Christmas star shines bright  
Yes, everything around me is very bright and gay  
But Christmas will be just another lonely day  
Yeah, another lonely day, yeah. I had a lonely September, October, November, too  
But December is twice as lonely without you 
For soon it will be time for Santa Claus  
And surely he will bring you back, because  
Without you here beside me, my world will be so gray  
And Christmas will be just another lonely day. Yeah, another lonely day, yeah  
Another lonely day, yeah  
Another lonely day, yeah. 
The elves are dressed in leather 
And the angels are in chains 
Christmas with the Devil  
The sugar plums are rancid 
And the stockings are in flames  
Christmas with the Devil  
There's a demon in my belly 
And a gremlin in my brain 
There's someone up the chimney hole 
And Satan is his name 
The rats ate all the presents 
And the reindeer ran away  
Christmas with the Devil  
There'll be no Father Christmas  
'Cause it's evil's holiday 
Christmas with the Devil  
No bells in Hell 
No snow below 
Silent night, violent night  
So come all ye unfaithful  
Don't be left out in the cold  
You don't need no invitation, no 
Your ticket is your soul.
Christmas without you   
White Christmas and I'm blue   
Like fireworks with no fuse   
Christmas without you.The fireplace keeps burning  
And my thoughts keep turning   
The pages of memories  
Of time spent with you   
Old Christmas songs we knew  
And used to make love to   
Make it hard to get used to   
Christmas without you.Christmas without you   
White Christmas and I'm blue 
I love you, I miss you, I need you   
So sad, but so true   
Christmas without you   
Like a mystery with no clues   
Like fireworks with no fuse   
Christmas without you.The sweetest gift I know   
Would be if the new snow   
Could fall on your footsteps  
On this Christmas Eve   
The most joyous Christmas  
If luck could be with us   
Would be if Saint Nicholas  
Brought you home to me.Christmas without you   
White Christmas and I'm blue 
I love you, I miss you, I need you   
So sad but so true   
Like a mystery with no clues   
Like fireworks with no fuse   
Christmas without you.
It's the time of year  
When good friends are near  
Tryin' hard to find a quiet moment  
Sharing love and joy  
Children with their toys  
Sadness fills my heart to see you go. Christmas won't be the same without you  
Christmas won't be the same if you go  
All I need to see  
Standing by my Christmas tree   
Christmas won't be the same without you. I remember when  
Times we used to spend  
Walking hard in hand until the sun sets  
Then came Christmas Eve  
The wish you gave to me  
How I wish I tried to make you stay. Christmas won't be the same without you  
Christmas won't be the same if you go  
All I need to see standing by my Christmas tree  
Christmas won't be the same without you. It's been a long long time  
I need you by my side  
Hold me tight  
Don't let go   
Let go. Christmas won't be the same without you  
Christmas won't be the same if you go   
All I need to see standing by my Christmas tree  
Christmas won't be the same without you. Christmas won't be the same without you  
Christmas won't be the same if you go  
All I need to see standing by my Christmas tree  
Christmas won't be the same 
Christmas won't be the same  
Christmas won't be the same  
Without you.
"Bah, humbug!" No, that's too strong 
'Cause it is my favorite holiday  
But all this year's been a busy blur  
Don't think I have the energy  
To add to my already mad rush  
Just 'cause it's 'tis the season.  The perfect gift for me would be  
Completions and connections left from  
Last year, ski shop,  
Encounter, most interesting.  
Had his number but never the time  
Most of '81 passed along those lines. So deck those halls, trim those trees  
Raise up cups of Christmas cheer,  
I just need to catch my breath,  
Christmas by myself this year. Calendar picture, frozen landscape,  
Chilled this room for twenty-four days,  
Evergreens, sparkling snow  
Get this winter over with! Flashback to springtime, saw him again,  
Would've been good to go for lunch,  
Couldn't agree when we were both free,  
We tried, we said we'd keep in touch. Didn't, of course, 'til summertime,  
Out to the beach to his boat, could I join him?  
No, this time it was me,  
Sunburn in the third degree. Now the calendar's just one page  
And, of course, I am excited  
Tonight's the night, but I've set my mind  
Not to do too much about it. Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!   
But I think I'll miss this one this year.   
Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!   
But I think I'll miss this one this year.  
Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!   
But I think I'll miss this one this year.   
Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!   
But I think I'll miss this one this year.   Hardly dashing through the snow  
Cause I bundled up too tight  
Last minute have-to-do's  
A few cards a few calls  
'Cause it's r-s-v-p  
No thanks, no party lights  
It's Christmas Eve, gonna relax  
Turned down all of my invites.Last fall I had a night to myself,   
Same guy called, Halloween party,   
Waited all night for him to show,   
This time his car wouldn't go.Forget it, it's cold, it's getting late,   
Trudge on home to celebrate   
In a quiet way, unwind   
Doing Christmas right, this time. A&P; has provided me   
With the world's smallest turkey   
Already in the oven, nice and hot   
Oh damn! Guess what I forgot? So on with the boots, back out in the snow   
To the only all-night grocery,   
When what to my wondering eyes should appear   
In the line is that guy I've been chasing all year! "I'm spending this one alone," he said  
"Need a break; this year's been crazy."   
I said, "Me too, but why are you?   
You mean, you forgot cranberries too?" Then suddenly we laughed and laughed   
Caught on to what was happening   
That Christmas magic's brought this tale   
To a very happy ending! Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!   
Couldn't miss this one this year!   
Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!   
Couldn't miss this one this year!
Please take down the mistletoe 
Cause I don't wanna think about that right now 
Cause everything I want is miles away 
In a snow covered little town.My mamma's in the kitchen, worrying about me 
Season's greetings, hope you're well 
Well, I'm doing alright if you were wondering 
Lately I can never tell.I know this shouldn't be a lonely time 
But, there were Christmases when you were mine.
I've been waiting, pacing along the halls 
Ever since you left here 
I've been cleaning, scrubbing the plates  
And weeding out the garden, dear.I can't fall asleep to your mystery  
Slowly blowing from the shore  
I have not failed to be, what you'd expect of me 
Swallowing glass, just to stay pure.All the birds are heading down south 
But you're staying up north, you say 
I've got jackets, blankets and sheets  
Its going to be a cold December.It could be warm you see 
A statue next to me 
Swimming away from the ice and snow 
Could I have failed to see, the signs in front of me 
Warning and flashing symbols 
Subtle and simple I couldn't see 
I couldnt see.If only time could slow down 
Maybe I could come up 
It's such a cold December 
It's such a cold December 
Its so cold.I can't fall asleep to your mystery  
Slowly blowing from the shore  
I have not failed to be, what you'd expect of me 
Swallowing glass, just to stay pure.Summers come and summer has gone  
Your Christmas cards can't comfort me 
You've found new friends and tied all the ends 
It's freezing in the loneliest winter.It could be warm you see 
A statue next to me 
Swimming away from the ice and snow 
Could I have failed to see, the signs in front of me 
Warning and flashing symbols 
Subtle and simple I couldn't see 
I couldnt see.If only time could slow down 
Maybe I could come up 
It's such a cold December 
It's such a cold December 
Its so cold.

Looking out the window of this Hollywood hotel 
You'd never know that it was Christmas Eve 
The billboards and the neon took the place of silver bells 
And the temperature is 84 degrees.I can hear the traffic on the crowded strip below 
As the palm trees poke their heads above the scene 
There's not a single reindeer and it hardly ever snows 
And Santa drives a Rolls Royce limousine.But all along the Rockies you can feel it in the air 
From Telluride to Boulder down below 
The closest thing to heaven on this planet anywhere 
Is a quiet Christmas morning in the Colorado snow.I remember Christmases when I was just a boy 
In the morning I would run to see the tree 
And the carolers on the hillside sang their songs of Christmas joy 
Well, I always thought they sang them just for me.Now the sun is setting in the California sky 
And I can't find the spirit anywhere 
So I think its time for me to tell Los Angeles goodbye 
I'm going back home for Christmas there.But all along the Rockies you can feel it in the air 
From Telluride to Boulder down below 
The closest thing to heaven on this planet anywhere 
Is a quiet Christmas morning in the Colorado snow.

I got your Christmas card 
And you know it warms my heart 
Just to think of all the cheer 
We could share if you were here.I made my Christmas list 
That I'll give to my boy St.Nick  
And I hope he hooks, hooks me up 
Cause I plan a special Christmas for us.  I was hoping that you might be coming for Christmas  
I was hoping that surely by New Years eve 
I was hoping that you might be coming  
And I hope that your bringing something for me. Now we'll chill Christmas eve 
I can't wait for my moms to leave   
We'll snuggle, I'll turn down the lights   
And give our gifts, if the timing is right. I was hoping that you might be coming for Christmas  
I was hoping that surely by New Years eve 
I was hoping that you might be coming  
And I hope that your bringing something for me. For know I will and I hope that Santa won't be late  
Cause I don't want no presents 
See I am too old for toys, I just want my baby  
She's my one and only, truly one and only, she's my only.I was hoping that you might be coming for Christmas  
I was hoping that surely by New Years eve 
I was hoping that you might be coming  
And I hope that your bringing something for me. 
From Coney Island to the Sunset Strip 
Somebody's gonna make a happy trip 
Tonight  
While the moon is bright. He's gonna have a bag of crazy toys 
To give the groanies of the boys and girls  
So dig 
Santa comes on big. He'll come a callin' when the snows the most 
When all you cats are sleepin' warm as toast 
And you gonna flip when Old Saint Nick  
Takes a lick on the peppermint stick. He'll come a flyin' from a higher place  
And fill the stocking by the fire place  
So you'll 
Have a yule that's cool. Yeah, from Coney Island to the Sunset Strip 
Somebody's gonna make a happy trip 
Tonight  
While the moon is bright. He's gonna have a bag of crazy toys 
To give the groanies of the boys and girls  
So dig 
Santa comes on big. He'll come a callin' when the snows the most 
When all you cats are sleepin' warm as toast 
And you gonna flip when Old Saint Nick  
Takes a lick on the peppermint stick. He'll come a flyin' from a higher place  
And fill the stocking by the fire place  
So you'll 
Have a yule that's cool. Have a yule that's cool 
Yeah, cool yule.

Chorus:
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight! 
Where I climb up to my saddle 
Gonna take Him to my heart! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight!Right across the prairie, 
Clear across the valley, 
Straight across the heart of every man, 
There'll be a right new brand of livin' 
That'll sweep like lightnin' fire 
And take away the hate from every land.Chorus:
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight! 
Where I climb up to my saddle 
Gonna take Him to my heart! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight!Yoi, yippee! We're gonna ride the trail! 
Yoi, yippee! We're gonna ride today! 
When I climb up to my saddle, 
Gonna take him to my heart! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight!Chorus:
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight! 
Where I climb up to my saddle 
Gonna take Him to my heart! 
There'll be a new world beginnin' from tonight!

When darkness is falling and shadows grow long   
Its time for the children to sing this old song   
It tells of the coming of wonders untold   
Forgotten is winter, its fury and cold   
Hi-ho, hi-ho, well soon see the candles glow   
Hi-ho, hi-ho, well soon see the candles glow.When darkness is falling and shadows grow long   
Its time for the children to sing this old song   
It tells of the coming of wonders untold   
Forgotten is winter, its fury and cold   
Hi-ho, hi-ho, well soon see the candles glow   
Hi-ho, hi-ho, well soon see the candles glow.When darkness is falling and stars fill the sleigh   
The waiting is over and we all know why   
Its time for celebrating and having a feast   
Because of the tidings that come from the east   
Hi-ho, hi-ho, well soon see the candles glow   
Hi-ho, hi-ho, well soon see the candles glow.

Dear Senor Santa Claus  
I think I tell you what  
I would like for Christmas   
And I hope you won't forgot  
I only want a peso   
That I can have for mine   
To get my senorita   
Something for Christmas time  
I don't believe you read the card  
Last Christmas that I sent  
You come to see the kids across the street   
And then you went  
Dear Senor Santa Claus  
I think me understand  
Sometimes the toys all gone   
Before you reach the Rio Grande.Dear Senor Santa Claus   
I tell you what I think  
I no got a stockin'   
I set out my piggy bank  
So please bring me peso   
That I can have for mine  
To get my senorita 
Something for Christmas time   
On Christmas Eve I watch for you   
And I no sleep a wink   
If I no get Lolita something   
She feel sad I think   
So please Senor Santa Claus   
This Christmas be so grand   
If I get peso to buy ring   
For my Lolita's hand.I don't know what I buy for her   
I think I buy a rose  
So she can wear it in her hair   
Most everywhere she goes    
Please Senor Santa Claus    
This Christmas be so grand  
If I get peso to buy ring   
For my Lolita's hand  
If I get peso to buy ring   
For my Lolita's hand.
Merry Christmas 
Merry Christmas 
May your every New Year dream  
Come true.Sweet December song 
The melody that saved me 
On those less than silent nights 
When snow would fall upon my bed 
Like sugar from Jesus 
And take me to the day 
She could always smile 
The Virgin n' Child would always show 
You see 
Just to save me 
(Just to save me).There was always Christmas time 
To wipe the year away 
I guess that Mum and Dad decided 
That the war would have to wait.There was always Christmas time 
Jesus came to stay 
I could believe in peace on Earth 
And I could watch TV all day 
So I dreamed of Christmas.Maybe since you've gone 
I went a little crazy 
God knows they can see  
(The Child) 
But the snow that falls upon my bed 
That loving I needed 
Falls every single day 
For each and every child 
The Virgin smiles for all to see 
But you kept her from me.There was always Christmas time 
To wipe the year away 
I guess that Mum and Dad decided 
That the war would have to wait.There was always Christmas time 
Jesus came to stay 
I could believe in peace on Earth 
And I could watch TV all day 
And so I dreamed of Christmas 
Yes, I dreamed like you.Merry Christmas 
Merry Christmas 
May your every New Year dream  
Come true.
December will be magic again 
Take a husky to the ice 
While Bing Crosby sings white Christmas 
He makes you feel nice.December will be magic again 
Old Saint Nicholas up the chimney 
Just a-popping up in my memory.Ooh, dropping down in my parachute 
The white city, she is so beautiful 
Upon the black-soot icicled roofs.Ooh, and see how I fall 
See how I fall 
(Fall!) 
Like the snow.Come to cover the lovers 
(Cover the lovers, but don't you wake them up) 
Come to sparkle the dark up 
(Sparkle the dark up, with just a touch of make-up) 
Come to cover the muck up 
(Cover the muck up, ooh, with a little luck).December will be magic again 
Light the candle lights 
To conjure Mr. Wilde.Into the Silent Night 
Ooh, it's quiet inside 
Here in Oscar's mind.December will be magic again 
Don't miss the brightest star 
Kiss under mistletoe 
I want to hear you laugh 
Don't let the mystery go now.Ooh, dropping down in my parachute 
The white city, she is so beautiful 
Upon the black-soot icicled roofs.Ooh, and see how I fall 
See how I fall 
(Fall!) 
Like the snow.Come to cover the lovers 
(Cover the lovers, but don't you wake them up) 
Come to sparkle the dark up 
(Sparkle the dark up, with just a touch of make-up) 
Come to cover the muck up 
(Cover the muck up, ooh, with a little luck).Oh, I'm coming to cover the lovers 
Ooh, and I'm coming to sparkle the dark up.

Jingle, jangle 
Well, dig that crazy Santa Claus  
With his red suit on  
Dig that walk, that crazy talk 
Man, oh man, he's really gone. Dig that crazy Santa Claus  
With his bag of toys  
Drags his sack  
Through a chimney stack  
All the little hep-cats jump for joy. So cool it, Rudolph, cool it 
With your nose aglow  
Tell those groovy reindeer 
When Santa starts to blow 
Go, go. Dig that crazy Santa Claus 
Well, I do believe  
He will bring some crazy toys 
You better be good this Christmas Eve  
Jump. Jingle, jangle 
Well, dig that crazy Santa Claus  
With his red suit on  
Dig that walk, that crazy talk 
Man, oh man, he's really gone. Dig that crazy Santa Claus  
With his bag of toys  
Drags his sack  
Through a chimney stack  
All the little hep-cats jump for joy. So cool it, Rudolph, cool it 
With your nose aglow  
Tell those groovy reindeer 
When Santa starts to blow 
Go, go. Dig that crazy Santa Claus 
Well, I do believe  
He will bring some crazy toys 
You better be good this Christmas Eve.

Gather round  
And I will tell  
The story of a Christmas bell  
That used to shine  
And chime and ring 
And why they called him  
Ding a Ling. One of the famous jingle bells  
Is what he was  
But then he fell 
And broke his pretty harmony 
And he began to ring off key. Now they call him  
Ding a Ling  
Because he has  
A funny ring   
And doesn't hear  
His note too well 
Ding a Ling   
The Christmas bell. The other bells met secretly  
And he heard one say  
In a real low key  
He's sure to ruin   
Our Christmas sound   
And we don't want him  
Hangin' around. He over heard  
The secret vote  
And walked away  
With a lump in his note 
The saddest bell  
You've ever seen 
The Christmas bell  
Called Ding a Ling. They all call him  
Ding a Ling  
Because he has  
A funny ring   
And doesn't hear  
His note too well 
Ding a Ling   
The Christmas bell. The snow was falling 
In the square 
When the children  
Found him there  
And placed him  
On the Christmas tree 
For everyone in town to see. As Christmas Eve  
Came to the town  
A blinding snow  
Was coming down  
And Ding a Ling  
Heard someone say   
Ol' Santa's sure  
To lose his way.The thought occured   
To Ding a Ling  
To ring as loud  
As he could ring 
And when ol' Santa  
Heard the sound 
It guided him to town. Now the children shout and sing  
And everyone loves  
Ding a Ling 
So everything has turned out well   
For Ding a Ling  
The Christmas bell.
Ring out the old 
Ring in the new 
Ring out the old 
Ring in the new. Ring out the false 
Ring in the true 
Ring out the old 
Ring in the new. Ding-dong, ding-dong 
Ding-dong, ding-dong 
Ding-dong, ding-dong 
Ding-dong, ding-dong.Yesterday  
Today was tomorrow 
And tomorrow 
Today will be yesterday. So, ring out the old 
Ring in the new 
Ring out the old 
Ring in the new. Ring out the false 
Ring in the true 
Ring out the old 
Ring in the new. Ding-dong, ding-dong 
Ding-dong, ding-dong 
Ding-dong, ding-dong 
Ding-dong, ding-dong.

Hey! Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
It's Dominick the donkey  
Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
The Italian Christmas donkey.  
(la la la-la la-la la la la la)  
(la la la-la la-la la-ee-oh-da)Santa's got a little friend  
His name is Dominick  
The cutest little donkey  
You never see him kick  
When Santa visits his paisans  
With Dominick he'll be  
Because the reindeer cannot  
Climb the hills of Italy.Hey! Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
It's Dominick the donkey  
Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
The Italian Christmas donkey.  
(la la la-la la-la la la la la)  
(la la la-la la-la la-ee-oh-da)Jingle bells around his feet  
And presents on the sled  
Hey! Look at the mayor's derby  
On top of Dominick's head  
A pair of shoes for Louie  
And a dress for Josephine  
The labels on the inside says  
They're made in Bruccalin'.Hey! Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
It's Dominick the donkey  
Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
The Italian Christmas donkey.  
(la la la-la la-la la la la la)  
(la la la-la la-la la-ee-oh-da)Children sing, and clap their hands  
And Dominick starts to dance  
They talk Italian to him  
And he even understands  
Cummare's and Cumpare's  
Do the dance 'a tarantell'  
When Santa Nicola comes to town  
And brings 'o ciucciarell'.Hey! Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
It's Dominick the donkey  
Chingedy ching  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
The Italian Christmas donkey.  
(la la la-la la-la la la la la)  
(la la la-la la-la la-ee-oh-da)Hey! Dominick! Buonn Natale!  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)  
(hee-haw, hee-haw)
(hee-haw, hee-haw)
Merry Christmas!Pay for the light 
But you may still slide 
Baby, it's not your sleigh ride 
But this year is ours 
Maybe tomorrow 
We're gonna see things  
We never believed 
I'll make you want me  
You'll see 
The initial warning is free 
But only to reindeer 
Oh what a sight 
As they take their first flight 
Oh darling, it's all in time 
But I will.We're going to turn  
All men in to the sky 
Oh what a sight, beautiful 
And I will 
I will sleep tonight I will sleep tonight.
Flowers: Oh, Santa! 
I've been waiting on you. Santa: That's funny, kid  
Because, I've been coming for you. Flowers: Oh, Santa  
I've been killing just for fun. Santa: Well, the party's over kid  
Because I  
Because I got a bullet in my gun. Flowers : A bullet in your what? Band: Santa's got a bullet in his gun 
You know it 
Santa's got a bullet in his gun.Flowers: Don't shoot me Santa Claus  
I've been a clean living boy  
I promise you  
Did every little thing you asked me to  
I can't believe the things I'm going through. Flowers: Don't shoot me Santa Claus  
Well, no one else around believes me  
But the children on the block, they tease me  
I couldn't let them off that easy  
Oh Santa. Flowers: It's been a real hard year.Santa: There just ain't no gettin' around this  
Life is hard  
But look at me  
I turned out alright. Flowers: Hey Santa! 
Why don't we talk about it? 
Work it out?Santa: Believe me  
This ain't what I wanted  
I love all you kids 
You know that.Santa: Hell, I remember when you were just 10 years old  
Playing out there in the desert  
Just waiting for a sip of that sweet Mojave rain.Band: In the sweet Mojave rain  
The boy was on his own. Flowers: Don't shoot me Santa Claus  
I've been a clean living boy  
I promise you  
Did every little thing you asked me to  
I can't believe the things I'm going through. Flowers: Hey Santa! 
Well, no one else around believes me  
But the children on the block, they tease me  
I couldn't let them off that easy. Flowers: They had it coming  
So, why can't you see?  
I couldn't turn my cheek no longer  
The sun is going down and Christmas is near  
Just look the other way 
I'll disappear forever. Woo!Flowers: Don't shoot me Santa Claus  
Well, no one else around believes me  
But the children on the street, they tease me  
I couldn't let them off that easy. Believe  
Me  
Santa  
Santa.
Don't get so busy that you miss 
Giving just a little kiss  
To the ones you love. Don't even wait a little while  
To give them just a little smile  
A little is enough. How many people are crying  
People are dying  
How many people are asking for love. So don't save it all for Christmas day  
Find a way  
To give a little love everyday. Don't save it all for Christmas day  
Find your way  
'Cause holidays have come and gone  
But love lives on  
If you give on  
Love... How could you wait another minute  
A hug is warmer when you're in it  
And baby, that's a fact  
And saying "I love you's" always better  
Seasons, reasons, they don't matter  
So don't hold back. How many people in this world  
So needful in this world  
How many people are praying for love  
So Don't save it all for Christmas day  
Find a way  
To give a little love everyday  
Don't save it all for Christmas day. Find your way  
'Cause holidays have come and gone  
But love lives on  
If you give on  
Love... Let all the children know  
Everywhere that they go  
Their whole life long  
Let them know love. Don't save it all for Christmas day  
Find your way  
To give a little love everyday. Don't save it all for Christmas day  
Find a way  
Everyone, everywhere. Don't save it all for Christmas day  
Find your way  
'Cause holidays have come and gone  
But love lives on  
If you give on  
Love...  
Love...

We dim the light  
We stoke the fire  
We bring the evergreen  
Young ones wait  
While the old ones make up  
Tales of how it used to be.China dolls  
Candy corn  
Painted wooden toys  
Treasures found  
To the wondrous sound  
Of caroling  
The savior  
Born to us on Christmas morn.Emmanuel  
God with us  
Emmanuel!  
Emmanuel  
God with us  
The Son of Israel.And still he calls  
Through the night  
Beyond the days of old  
A voice of peace  
To the weary ones  
Who struggle with the human soul.All of us  
Travelers  
Through a given time  
Who can know  
What tomorrow holds?   
But over the horizon  
Surely you and I will find.Emmanuel  
God with us  
Emmanuel!  
Emmanuel  
God with us  
The Son of Israel.And the years they come  
And the years they go  
Though we may forget somehow  
That the Child once born in Bethlehem  
Is still among us now.Emmanuel  
God with us  
Emmanuel!  
Emmanuel  
God with us  
The Son of Israel.Emmanuel  
God with us  
Emmanuel!  
Emmanuel  
God with us  
The Son of Israel.
I don't know how love could do this to me  
I've waited and waited for someone I never see  
But I'm so sentimental 
And I'm so hopeful you'll be there  
So, here I am every year, every Christmas.I've wished for you in my heart, and in my head  
And I got my answer that first moment that we met  
And, oh yes, I believed you as you told me, as you said  
You'd be here every year, every Christmas.There must be a lesson for me to learn  
If you don't trust in love, you'll get nothing in return  
Why should I be lonely, don't tell me it's right  
I have my pride, but I'd rather be with you tonight.
Remember last year when you were on your own 
You swore the spirit couldn't be found 
December rolled around  
And you were counting on it to roll out. Well, everything's gonna be cool this Christmas  
Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas  
Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas. Well everybody's lookin' for you down at the house   
The tree is looking so inspired 
There's a yuletide groove waitin' for you to move  
I'll go and throw another log on the fire. Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas  
Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas  
Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas. As days go by the more we need friends  
And the harder they are to find  
If I could have a friend like you all my life 
Well I guess I'd be doin' just fine. Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas 
Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas  
Everything's gonna be cool this Christmas.

This day a year ago, he was rolling in the snow  
With a younger brother in his father's yard 
Christmas break, a time for touching home 
The heart of all he'd known 
And leaving was so hard.Three thousand miles away 
Now he's working Christmas Day 
Making double time for the minding of the store 
Well, he always said, he'd make it on his own 
He's spending Christmas Eve alone 
First Christmas away from home.She's standing by the train station 
Pan-handling for change 
Four more dollars buys a decent meal and a room 
Looks like the Sally Ann place after all 
In a crowded sleeping hall 
That echoes like a tomb.But it's warm and clean and free 
And there are worse places to be 
At least it means no beating from her Dad 
And if she cries because it's Christmas Day 
She hopes that it won't show 
First Christmas away from home.In the apartment stands a tree 
And it looks so small and bare 
Not like it was meant to be 
Golden angel on the top 
It's not that same old silver star 
You wanted for your own 
First Christmas away from home.In the morning, they get prayers 
Then it's crafts and tea downstairs 
Then another meal back in his little room 
Hoping maybe that the boys 
Will think to phone before the day is gone 
Well, it's best they do it soon.When the old girl passed away 
He fell apart more every day 
Each had always kept the other pretty well 
But the kids all said, the nursing home was best 
Cause he couldn't live alone 
First Christmas away from home.In the common room, they've got the biggest tree 
And it's huge and cold and lifeless 
Not like it ought to be 
And the lit-up flashing Santa Claus on top 
It's not that same old silver star 
You once made for your own 
First Christmas away from home.

Oh the first snowfall of the winter  
Was a day that we all waited for  
When it drifted to and frost  
Why you should've seen the snow  
It was near seven feet or more  
By the old barn door.Oh the first snowfall of the winter  
What a joy for a boy to behold  
In each house you'll find a sleigh  
That was waiting for this day  
And of course, down the road a hill  
For each Jack and Jill.Every winter breeze that scurries  
Sets the snowflakes up in flurries  
It's the good old sentimental season when  
Folks put runners on their surreys  
And forget about their worries  
When a man becomes a boy once again.Oh, the first snowfall of the winter  
Jingle bells bring us spells ever dear  
Under wintry skies of gray  
It was snowing all the day  
And it showed no signs of stopping  
Every kid with eyes of popping  
Will soon be belly-whopping on his ear.On the first snowfall of the winter  
Oh, the first snowfall of the year  
The first snow of the year  
Is just about the best snow  
Well, I'll say any snow  
Is a pretty good show.
There's only five more days 'til Christmas  
You know that I can hardly wait  
We got the lights up on the tree now   
And we're ready for the holiday.The radio's playing all the Christmas songs  
Just the way that we like  
There's only five more days  
And I can't wait  
It's almost Christmas time.There's 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 more days  
All around the world  
You know there's 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 more days  
For every boy and girl.Five more nights for Santa 
To get ready for Christmas Eve  
And you tell me that you got me something  
But I'm gonna have to wait and see.Everybody get a little closer now   
You know we're gonna do it right  
There's only five more days and I can't wait  
It's almost Christmas time.There's 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 more days  
All around the world  
You know there's 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 more days  
For every boy and girl.Everybody ready for their favorite holiday  
All around, counting down   
You know there's only five more days.The radio's playing all the Christmas songs  
Just the way that we like  
There's only one more week and I can't wait  
It's almost Christmas time.There's 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 more days  
All around the world  
You know there's 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 more days  
For every boy and girl.There's five more days, five more days  
Been waiting so long for this  
Then four more days, four more days  
Gonna get my Christmas wish 
Now it's three more days, three more days  
'Til the best time of the year  
Everybody say, two more days, one more day  
And now Christmas is finally here.I've been waiting for a long, long time  
And Christmas is finally here.

People making lists 
Buying special gifts 
It's a time to be kind 
To one and all 
It's that time of year 
When good friends are dear 
And you wish  
You could give more 
Than just presents  
From a store.Why don't you 
Give love on Christmas day? 
(On Christmas day) 
Oh, even the man  
Who has everything 
Would be so happy  
If you would bring him  
Love on Christmas day  
(On Christmas day) 
No greater gift is there  
Than love.People you don't know  
Smiling out hello 
Everywhere  
There's an air of Christmas joy 
It's that once a year 
When the world's sincere 
And you'd like to find a way 
To show the things  
That words can't say.Why don't you 
Give love on Christmas day? 
(On Christmas day) 
The man on the street  
And the couple upstairs 
All need to know  
There's someone one cares 
Give love on Christmas day  
(Christmas day) 
No greater gift is there  
Than love 
What the world needs 
Is love 
Yes, the world needs  
Your love.Why don't you  
Give love on Christmas day?  
(On Christmas Day) 
Oh, every little child  
On Santa's knee 
Has room for your love  
Underneath his tree. 
Give love on Christmas day 
(Christmas day)
Give me your heart for Christmas 
Wrap it with joy and cheer 
Let every beat, sing to repeat 
Our love will last each moment of the year.Just give me your heart for Christmas 
Only your love will do 
And with each sigh, you'll know that I 
Have given you my heart for Christmas, too. 

Christmas trees and window panes 
Shimmering where tinsel hangs  
And the butter light of candlesticks  
Chases snowflakes off the bricks. The postman is shivering  
With packages he's delivering  
Ribbons pulled and try to hide  
Wishes waiting warm inside.And everything looks better in gold and green  
The lights on the trees shining all through the city  
Are the prettiest I've ever seen  
And the world decides to sleep safe tonight.The carolers, they sing noel  
Silent night and silver bells  
And all around you snow will fall  
Like confetti stars and paper dolls. And everything looks better in gold and green  
The lights on the trees in the eyes of our children  
Are the prettiest I've ever seen  
And the world decides to sleep safe tonight. The first noel  
The angels did say  
Was to certain poor shepherds  
In fields where they lay. Everything looks better in gold and green  
Everything looks better in gold and green  
Everything looks better in gold and green  
Everything looks better in gold and green  
Everything looks better  
Everything looks better.

Do you remember me?  
I sat upon your knee  
I wrote to you  
With childhood fantasies. Well, I'm all grown up now  
And still need help somehow  
I'm not a child  
But my heart still can dream.So here's my lifelong wish  
My grown up Christmas list  
Not for myself  
But for a world in need.No more lives torn apart  
That wars would never start  
And time would heal the heart  
And everyone would have a friend  
And right would always win  
And love would never end   
This is my grown up Christmas list.As children we believed  
The grandest sight to see  
Was something lovely  
Wrapped beneath the tree.But heaven surely knows  
That packages and bows  
Can never heal  
A hurting human soul.No more lives torn apart  
That wars would never start  
And time would heal all hearts  
And everyone would have a friend  
And right would always win  
And love would never end  
Oh, this is my grown up Christmas list.What is this illusion  
Called the innocence of youth?  
Maybe only in our blind belief   
Can we ever find the truth.No more lives torn apart  
That wars would never start  
And time would heal all hearts  
And everyone would have a friend  
And right would always win  
And love would never end, oh  
This is my grown up Christmas list  
This is my only life long wish  
This is my grown up Christmas list.
Hail Mary, full of grace 
The Lord is with you 
Blessed are you among women  
And blest is the fruit of your womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God 
Pray for us sinners now 
And at the hour of death  
Amen.Refrain: 
Gentle woman, quiet light 
Morning star, so strong and bright 
Gentle Mother, peaceful dove  
Teach us wisdom; teach us love.You were chosen by the Father 
You were chosen for the Son 
You were chosen from all women  
And for woman  
Shining one.Refrain: 
Gentle woman, quiet light 
Morning star, so strong and bright 
Gentle Mother, peaceful dove  
Teach us wisdom; teach us love.Blessed are you among women 
Blest in turn all women, too 
Blessed they with peaceful spirits 
Blessed they with gentle hearts.Refrain: 
Gentle woman, quiet light 
Morning star, so strong and bright 
Gentle Mother, peaceful dove  
Teach us wisdom; teach us love.

Happy Holiday  
Happy Holiday   
While the merry bells keep ringing   
May your every wish come true.Happy Holiday   
Happy Holiday   
May the calendar keep bringing   
Happy Holidays to you.It's the holiday season   
And Santa Claus is coming back   
The Christmas snow is white on the ground   
When old Santa gets into town   
He'll be coming down the chimney, down   
Coming down the chimney, down.It's the holiday season   
And Santa Claus has got a toy  
For every good girl and good little boy   
He's a great big bundle of joy   
He'll be coming down the chimney, down   
Coming down the chimney, down.He'll have a big fat pack upon his back   
And lots of goodies for you and me   
So leave a peppermint stick for old St.Nick  
Hanging on the Christmas tree.It's the holiday season   
With the whoop-de-do and hickory dock   
And don't forget to hang up your sock   
"Cause just exactly at 12 o'clock   
He'll be coming down the chimney   
Coming down the chimney   
Coming down the chimney, down! Happy Holiday   
Happy Holiday   
While the merry bells keep bringing   
Happy Holidays to you.Happy Holiday   
Happy Holiday   
May the calendar keep bringing   
Happy Holidays to you   
To you   
Happy Holiday.
Lots of happy little children waiting for sunrise 
A stocking full of candy and a big surprise 
Look at the happiness in their eyes 
They're glad it's Christmas.People carolin' into the night 
Where the snow is fallin'   
There are sleigh bells rides tonight 
We'll snuggle to a nice warm fire 
I'm glad it's Christmas.But before the snow gets under way 
Think of how much love you wish to give today 
Then wonder why we can't give it all every day 
There is no reason, every season needs love.People really need one another 
Men, women, boy, girl, sister and brother  
We wish to 
Wish happy holidays to you 
(Happy holidays, happy holidays) 
Happy holidays to you.And for this holiday season celebration 
Let's lift our hands to the holy nation 
To say thank You, Father  
Happy Birthday to Your Son 
Happy holidays to you.Hope is the strength we need 
Love is to share with men 
Peace is to be with everyone.Happy holidays to you 
(Happy holidays, happy holidays) 
To you, yeah 
Happy holidays to you 
(Happy holidays, happy holidays) 
People really need one another 
Men, women, boy, girl, sister and brother  
We wish to 
Wish happy holidays to you 
(Happy holidays, happy holidays) 
Happy holidays to you 
We wish you happy holidays 
To you, to you, to you.
Happy holidays 
(Happy holidays to you)

Thanks for the Christmas card  
I don't want to hear about your new job now  
I don't want to hear about your new boyfriend  
I don't want to hear about it all working out for you  
No, I don't want to hear it now.I don't want to hear about your swinging new place  
I don't want to hear how everyone thinks its great  
I just want to sit in our apartment and hate you  
Yes, I will be hating you for Christmas.You can have the Christmas tree  
Remember when we bought it at the store down the street?   
Remember when I found that cheesy color wheel?   
I don't want to think about the lights on your white skin  
No, I don't want to think about it.I don't want to think about last year at your dad's  
You said it was the best sex that we both ever had  
I don't want to think about my face in your soft hair  
I will be hating you for Christmas.I will be hating you for Christmas  
I will be hating you for Christmas  
I will be hating you for Christmas  
I will be hating you for Christmas  
I will be hating you for Christmas  
I will be hating you for Christmas  
I will be hating you for Christmas I must be losing my mind  
There's gotta be a better way to deal with the pain  
There's gotta be a better way to deal with the hate  
Wish that I could find some way to make you go away  
Wish that I could have a drink and make you fade  
I wish that I could have myself a drink and make you fade  
I wish that I could have a drink and make you go away  
Yeah, make you go away  
Wish that I could make you go away  
I will be hating you for Christmas  
Yeah, I will be hating you for Christmas  
Thanks for the Christmas card.

Longing for a Savior 
A hopeless world would wait 
Sin demanded justice 
At a price we could not pay; 
But God displayed his mercy 
The greatest gift of love 
When we could not reach heaven 
Heaven came to us.Chorus: 
He made a way in a manger 
A way to the cross 
Messiah the promised 
Before time had begun; 
For God so loved this world 
Though he knew what love would cost 
He made a way in a manger 
To make a way to the cross.In Bethlehem a stable 
Became a throne of grace 
As God himself our Savior 
Drew near to take our place; 
His mother smiled in wonder 
As shepherds stood in awe 
The sacrifice of heaven 
Lay sleeping in the straw.Bridge: 
He is the life that died our death 
The precious Lord Jesus 
Laid down his sweet head.Chorus: 
He made a way in a manger 
A way to the cross 
Messiah, the promised 
Before time had begun; 
For God so loved this world 
Though He knew what love would cost 
He made a way in a manger 
To make a way to the cross.Away in a manger, no crib for his bed 
The little Lord Jesus laid down his sweet head 
The stars in the sky looked down where He lay 
The little Lord Jesus, asleep on the hay.
She rocked her tiny Baby 
To warm Him from the cold 
Hardly what she pictured 
In the prophecies of old 
It seemed almost impossible 
To think it could be true 
But as she pondered in her heart 
She knew. This was heaven's Child 
This was heaven's Child 
In an earthen vessel 
Wrapped in Glory, meek and mild 
Joseph wept with wonder 
As Mary sweetly smiled 
Because they knew 
This was heaven's Child The angels must have missed Him 
As they sang Him to sleep 
But they marveled at the promises 
This baby came to keep 
His Father must have felt at once 
Great sadness and great joy 
As He watched His little baby boy. This was heaven's Child 
This was heaven's Child 
In an earthen vessel 
Wrapped in Glory, meek and mild 
Joseph wept with wonder 
As Mary sweetly smiled 
Because they knew 
This was heaven's Child Mary's little baby boy 
Was Joseph's pride and joy 
Still they wished the world would see 
He was so much more. He was heaven's Child 
He was heaven's Child 
In an earthen stable 
Wrapped in glory, meek and mild 
Joseph wept with wonder 
As Mary sweetly smiled 
Because they knew 
This was heaven's Child. Because they knew 
This was heaven's Child.
On my heavy metal Christmas  
My true love gave to me  
A tattoo of Ozzy. 

December first 
I'm in a foreign state  
I'm running late  
I'm all alone  
Wishing I was home with you, baby  
She's got her way of making things okay  
And when she's not around  
When she's not around  
I'm going crazy  
We like to talk  
About the plans we make  
And things we say  
When we're together  
I hope for better weather this year  
But you my dear, need to know  
This year I want you alone. Ho ho hopefully  
This holiday will make us believe that  
We're exactly where we're supposed to be  
And we're ho ho hoping that we all come back  
And as a matter of fact I know  
We're exactly where we're supposed to be  
Together by this Christmas tree.We go together   
Like the winter and this sweater   
And she makes me feel  
She makes me feel alive inside  
And when I look into her eyes   
I see the blue and green   
Like Christmas lights   
Like Christmas lights   
Oh, what a sight!  
She says I've got a way   
Of making everything okay   
She's not alone  
She's not alone and never will be   
Ho ho hopefully   
This year, I have you alone.Ho ho hopefully  
This holiday will make us believe that  
We're exactly where we're supposed to be  
And we're ho ho hoping that we all come back  
And as a matter of fact I know  
We're exactly where we're supposed to be  
Together by this Christmas tree.Baby I want you alone! Ho ho hopefully  
This holiday will make us believe that  
We're exactly where we're supposed to be  
And we're ho ho hoping that we all come back  
And as a matter of fact I know  
We're exactly where we're supposed to be  
Together by this Christmas tree.Ooh  
Together just you and me  
Together by the Christmas tree. 

Tonight I can see a star shine 
And its splendor fills up the sky 
It's the same that appeared  
And the wise men revered   
When hope was born this night. Out upon the snowy fields  
There's a silent peace that heals  
And it echoes the grace  
Of our Savior's embrace 
Because hope was born this night. Glory to God in the highest  
Peace on Earth  
Goodwill toward men  
Let all of the world  
Sing the chorus of joy  
Because hope was born this night. I can hear the Christmas bells ringing  
As softly a church choir sings  
It's the song used to praise  
The Ancient of Days  
When hope was born this night.  There are angels in this place  
And my heart resounded with the praise  
Like a shepherd so scared   
I'll rejoice and declare  
That hope was born this night. Glory to God in the highest  
Peace on Earth  
Goodwill toward men  
Let all of the world  
Sing the chorus of joy  
Because hope was born this night. Gloria  
Gloria  
Gloria  
Gloria! Glory to God in the highest  
Peace on Earth  
Goodwill toward men  
Let all of the world  
Sing the chorus of joy  
Because hope was born this night. I know that hope was born this night 
Because Christ was born this night.

Silver bells are ringing, carolers are singing 
Snowflakes drifting through the air; 
Everybody's shopping, got no time for stopping 
It looks like Christmas is here.So tell me, how do I wrap my heart up for Christmas? 
I wanna give it to you; 
Pretty bows and ribbons don't fit the gift I'm giving 
Your loving arms will have to do.At first, I thought of giving you a pretty diamond ring 
Wore myself out shopping for a million other things; 
Finally decided on something you can't buy 
But how will I disguise it, so you will be surprised?How do I wrap my heart up for Christmas? 
I wanna give it to you; 
Pretty bows and ribbons don't fit the gift I'm giving 
Your loving arms will have to do.A gift of love was given to the world so long ago 
Laying in a manger, He was wrapped in swaddling clothes; 
And every year we celebrate and thank the Lord above 
And give to one another, our little gifts of love.How do I wrap my heart up for Christmas? 
I wanna give it to you; 
Pretty bows and ribbons don't fit the gift I'm giving 
Your loving arms will have to do.Pretty bows and ribbons don't fit the gift I'm giving 
Your loving arms will have to do.

I'm gonna lasso Santa Claus 
And I know just why because 
I'm gonna pull, pull, pull, on his beard 
Pull, pull to see if it's real. I'm gonna tick, tick, tickle him on the tummy 
Because he laughs so funny 
He's so jolly and so fine 
When he comes around on Christmas time.I'm gonna lasso Santa Claus 
And the reason is because 
I know a boy and girl; he never goes see 
He never brings 'em toys like he does to me.I'm gonna pop, pop Santa Claus 
With my water pistol gun, squirt, squirt 
And then I'll take his bags of toys and run 
And bring to all the kids who don't have none.I'm gonna lasso Santa Claus 
And I know just why because 
I'm gonna pull, pull, pull, on his beard 
Pull, pull, to see if it's real.I'm gonna tick, tick, tickle him on the tummy 
Because he laughs so funny 
He's so jolly and so fine 
When he comes around on Christmas time.I'm gonna lasso Santa Claus 
And the reason is because 
I know a boy and girl; he never goes see 
He never brings 'em toys like he does to me.I'm gonna pop, pop Santa Claus 
With my water pistol gun bang, bang 
And then I'll take his bags of toys and run 
And bring to all the kids who don't have none.Merry Christmas!
I'm walking backwards for Christmas 
Across the Irish Sea, 
I'm walking backwards for Christmas, 
It's the only thing for me.I've tried walking sideways, 
And walking to the front, 
But people just look at me, 
And say, "It's a publicity stunt."I'm walking backwards for Christmas, 
To prove that, I love you.An immigrant lad, loved an Irish colleen 
From Dublin Galway Bay 
He longed for her arms 
But she spurned his charms 
And sailed o'er the foam away.She left the lad by himself, on his own 
All alone, a-sorrowing 
And sadly he dreamed  
Or at least that's the way it seemed 
Buddy, that an angel quieted him 
An angel quieted the same. I'm walking backwards for Christmas 
Across the Irish Sea 
I'm walking backwards for Christmas 
It's the finest thing for me.And so I've tried walking sideways 
And walking to the front 
But people just laughed, and said, 
"It's a publicity stunt".So I'm walking backwards for Christmas 
To prove that I love you.
In a land far away 
Time stood still 
Long ago  
There were shepherds in fields 
Or at least this is how  
The story goes 
The story goes 
Woman with Child  
And an inn with no room 
Born in a manger  
For telling it too 
This is how  
The story goes 
But it is more than a fable 
And it is more than a fairytale 
And more than my mind can conceive. I believe  
The wise men saw  
The Baby Boy  
The angels called  
The Son of God  
Heaven's Child 
The great I am  
Born to take away my sins  
Through nailed pierced hands  
Emmanuel has come  
I believe. Two thousand years  
Still the story lives on  
God's gift to us  
Sent to earth  
Wrapped in flesh  
His only Son  
His only Son  
And the heartbeat of heaven  
Confounded our wisdom  
But it's still the simple truth  
That sets me free. I believe  
The wise men saw  
The Baby Boy  
The angels called  
The Son of God  
Heaven's child 
The great I am  
Born to take away my sins  
Through nailed pierced hands  
Emmanuel has come  
I believe. Precious Child  
How can it be  
That God's great plan  
For history  
Would send You  
To the lonely tree  
That You would come  
For one like me? I believe  
In a cross  
I believe  
He came for one  
He came for all  
Heaven's Child  
Became a Man 
Gave his life for me  
In spite of all I am 
I believe 
I believe  
Oh I believe 
Christmas lives in me  
I believe.
They said there'll be snow at Christmas  
They said there'll be peace on Earth  
But instead it just kept on raining   
A veil of tears for the virgin birth  
I remember one Christmas morning  
A winter's light and a distant choir  
And the peal of a bell   
And that Christmas tree smell  
And eyes full of tinsel and fire.They sold me a dream of Christmas   
They sold me a silent night   
And they told me a fairy story   
'Till I believed in the Israelite   
I believed in Father Christmas   
I looked to the sky with excited eyes   
'Till I woke with a yawn   
In the first light of dawn   
And I saw him through his disguise. I wish you a hopeful Christmas   
I wish you a brave New Year   
All anguish pain and sadness   
Leave your heart   
And let your road be clear   
They said there'll be snow at Christmas   
They said there'll be peace on Earth   
Hallelujah Noel   
Be it heaven or hell   
The Christmas we get, we deserve.
I believe in Santa Claus 
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe there's always hope  
When all seems lost,   
And I believe in Santa Claus.I believe in Santa Claus  
I'll tell you why I do   
'Cause I believe that dreams  
And plans and wishes   
Can come true   
I believe in miracles  
I believe in magic too   
Oh, I believe in Santa Claus   
And I believe in you.I believe in family  
In country and in smiles   
I believe in turnin' negatives   
To positives in life   
I believe in lookin' farther up   
The farther down we get   
I believe when someone hurts us   
We should forgive and forget.And I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe love should prevail at any cost   
And I believe in Santa Claus.I believe in saying what you mean   
And meaning what you say   
I believe a better attitude   
Can make a better way   
And I believe in viewing life   
As a journey that we're on   
And lookin' at our troubles   
As another stepping stone.And I believe that everything in life   
Is what it's meant to be   
I believe there is a God somewhere   
Although he's hard to see   
I believe I am   
So therefore, I should do all that I can   
To be a better piece  
In the puzzle of God's plan. And I believe in Santa Claus  
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe there's always hope   
When all seems lost   
And I believe in Santa Claus.Let the little children sing it:   
I believe in Santa Claus  
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus.Let the whole world sing it with us:    
I believe in Santa Claus  
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus.Let the whole world sing it with us:    
I believe in Santa Claus  
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus   
I believe in Santa Claus.
They ask me how I feel 
And if my love is real 
And how I know I'll make it through 
They look at me and frown 
And like to drive me from this town 
They don't want me around 
'Cause I believe in you.They show me to the door 
They say "Don't come back no more" 
'Cause I don't be like they'd like me to 
And I, I walk out on my own 
A thousand miles from home 
But I don't feel alone 
'Cause I believe in you.I believe in you  
Even through the tears and the laughter  
I believe in you   
Even though we be apart  
I believe in you   
Even on the morning after  
Oh, when the dawn is nearing  
Oh, when the night is disappearing  
Oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.Don't let me drift too far  
Keep me where you are  
Where I will always be renewed  
And that which you've given me today  
Is worth more than I could pay  
And no matter what they say  
I believe in you.I believe in you   
When winter turn to summer  
I believe in you   
When white turns to black  
I believe in you   
Even though I be outnumbered  
Oh, though the earth may shake me  
Oh, though my friends forsake me  
Oh, even that couldn't make me go back.Don't let me change my heart  
Keep me set apart  
From all the plans they do pursue  
And I, I don't mind the pain  
Don't mind the driving rain  
I know I will sustain  
'Cause I believe in you.

This is the time of year 
That we learn to give 
And the greatest gift  
Is learning to forgive 
We will have the best time  
We ever knew 
If you forgive me 
And I forgive you. I don't want to light a fire 
Unless it will warm your heart 
I'm playing no holiday songs 
I need you to sing your part 
And baby, if I could have just  
One wish come true 
I don't wanna spend  
One more Christmas without you.It's so hard to believe 
We're staring at the end 
When all we think about  
Is starting up again 
Starting up again  
Whatever we lost 
When we were apart 
We'll find it all  
Alone in the dark.I don't want to light a fire 
Unless it will warm your heart 
I'm playing no holiday songs 
I need you to sing your part 
And baby if I could have just  
One wish come true 
I don't wanna spend  
One more Christmas without you.There's nothing more  
That I want from you 
Than to lie together  
And stay here forever with you 
There's no one I ever knew  
That I wanted to spend Christmas with  
More than you 
More than you.I don't want to light a fire 
Unless it will warm your heart 
I'm playing no holiday songs 
I need you to sing your part 
And baby if I could have  
Just one wish come true 
I don't wanna spend 
One more Christmas without you.I don't want to light a fire 
Unless it will warm your heart 
I'm playing no holiday songs 
I need you to sing your part 
And baby if I could have  
Just one wish come true 
I don't wanna spend 
One more Christmas 
I don't wanna spend 
One more Christmas 
I don't wanna spend 
One more Christmas 
Without you.

Christmas memories still remind me of you 
I wanna be closer to you  
And I wish you were closer to me  
Every song they play this time of year  
Every melody that I hear 
Every minute I wish  
I wish, you were near. Something's missin'  
Must be you  
So I listen when the bells start ringin'  
My heart start singin'. I listen to the bells  
And they make remember  
When we were so in love  
It was only last year 
This time in December  
I listen to the bells  
And I reminisce  
I hear those Christmas bells  
But I never knew  
That I could miss you like this. Love the lights  
And everything under the tree  
Friends come around  
They have a good time  
But it's not a party for me  
Call up Santa  
Tell him that I've been blue  
Tell him it's hard for me  
It's been a blue holiday 
Cause I'm missin' you. I keep wishin'  
Wondering if you'll think of me  
So I listen when the bells start ringin'  
My heart start singin'. Something's missin' 
Must be you  
So I listen when the bells start ringin'  
My heart start singin'.

Merry Christmas Everybody!
More than I love the first of spring 
I love You more 
More than the sweetest song I sing 
I love You more 
More than the Christmas bells that ring 
I love You more, my Lord.
More than a star filled summer's night 
I love You more 
More awe than viewing a wondrous sight 
I love You more 
More than the Christmas cards I write 
I love You more, my Lord.
More than the days, more than the nights 
More than seasons and reasons for every life 
More is my love for Jesus Christ 
And my God who made it all.
More than the autumn's falling leaves 
I love You more 
More than snowflakes dancing in the breeze 
I love You more 
Much more than Santa and Christmas trees 
I love You more, my Lord.
More than the days, more than the nights 
More than seasons and reasons for every life 
More is my love for Jesus Christ 
And my God who made it all.
More than the autumn's falling leaves 
I love You more 
More than snowflakes dancing in the breeze 
I love You more 
Much more than Santa and Christmas trees 
I love You more, my Lord.
With every single breath of life You give me 
I love You more 
More than I love the first of spring 
I love You more 
More than the sweetest song I sing 
I love You more 
Lord, I love You more.

Ooh baby! 
Listen up to what I gotta say 
I found true love and it's here to stay 
Chapel bells are gonna ring in May 
I met an angel on Christmas day.
24th of December 
It was a cold and snowy night 
I can still remember 
Gazing at the stars and the moonlight. 
Fell asleep on the sofa bed 
Dreams of Christmas in my head 
I awoke to my surprise 
There he was right before my eyes.
Listen up to what I gotta say 
I found true love and it's here to stay 
Chapel bells are gonna ring in May 
I met an angel on Christmas day.
I was stuffing the stockings 
And hanging tinsel on the tree 
When I heard a knocking 
I opened the door in time to see 
Carolers and silver bells 
I saw his face, that's when I fell 
He was there bent on one knee 
Santa sent him just for me.
Listen up to what I gotta say 
I found true love and it's here to stay 
Chapel bells are gonna ring in May 
I met an angel on Christmas day.
Yeah, yeah.
I know this love will grow 
When flowers bloom in early spring 
I'll be his bride, I'll wear his ring.
If you're looking for a angel 
Who is gonna make your every dream come true 
Just write an letter saying, "Santa hey 
I need an angel next Christmas day". 

Yeah, ooh baby.
Listen up to what I gotta say 
I found true love and it's here to stay 
Chapel bells are gonna ring in May 
I met an angel on Christmas day.
Listen up to what I gotta say 
I found true love and it's here to stay 
Chapel bells are gonna ring in May 
Chapel bells are gonna ring in May 
I met an angel on Christmas day.
Listen up to what I gotta say 
True love and it's all day 
I met an angel on Christmas day.
Hey hey hey yeah 
On Christmas day 
Ohohohohhooooo.
Oh baby!

The snow is falling 
It's Christmas Eve 
Presents are wrapped  
Under the tree 
Is there one for me?I only want you for Christmas, baby 
I don't need nothing else 
I only want you for Christmas, baby 
Tie a ribbon 'round yourself  
Oh, tie a ribbon 'round yourself.I ain't gonna write no letter  
Send to the north pole 
Cause what I'm wanting this year  
Saint Nick don't need to know. I only want you for Christmas, baby 
I don't need nothing else 
I only want you for Christmas, baby 
Tie a ribbon 'round yourself  
Oh, tie a ribbon 'round yourself.So put on your Christmas stockings  
I'll find that mistletoe 
Let's get into the the holiday spirits 
And honey ho ho ho  
Ho ho ho ho ho.I only want you for Christmas, baby 
I don't need nothing else 
I only want you for Christmas, baby 
Tie a ribbon 'round yourself 
I only want you for Christmas, baby 
I don't need nothing else 
I only want you for Christmas, baby 
Tie a ribbon 'round yourself  
Oh, tie a ribbon 'round yourself.
Oh I had a bicycle 
I had a train too.

I pray on Christmas  
That the Lord will see me through;  
I pray on Christmas  
He'll show me what to do.I pray on Christmas  
He'll help me understand;  
And I pray on Christmas  
He'll take me by the hand.I pray on Christmas  
That the sick will soon be strong;  
I pray on Christmas  
The Lord will hear my song.I pray on Christmas  
That God will lead the way;  
And I pray on Christmas  
He'll get me through another day.I pray on Christmas  
I pray on Christmas  
I pray on Christmas  
He'll get me through another day.I pray on Christmas  
All our problems gonna be worked out;  
I pray on Christmas  
God'll show us what love's about.I pray on Christmas  
To do your will each day;  
And I pray on Christmas  
That I'll be with you in heaven some day.I pray on Christmas  
Oh, the sick will soon be strong;  
I pray on Christmas  
The Lord will hear my song.I pray on Christmas  
That God will lead the way;  
And I pray, I really pray on Christmas  
He'll get me through another day  
He'll get me through another day...
You see Valentine's is torture 
And my birthday is a mess! 
New Year's is a lot of noise 
And Arbor Day's a pest! 
Halloween's a horror 
But I guess I must confess 
That I really don't hate Christmas!You see, Flag Day is infernal 
April Fool's is just a bore 
Mardi Gras a waste 
Unless you own a candy store 
All these other holidays 
I can admit that I abhor 
But I really don't hate Christmas.Now it isn't that I like it 
At the most I feel ambivalence! 
But should I really just destroy it? 
I'll admit that I'm still on the fence 
It makes me tense!From the evil scientist community 
I'm sure to get ejected 
But for Christmas, I can seem to summon 
Any true invective 
Because what is there to hate? 
I mean it's really so subjective! 
No, I really don't hate Christmas.I hate puppy dogs and kittens 
I hate flowers in the spring 
I even hate the sunshine 
And the birdies when they sing 
I can work up animosity for almost anything 
Tell me, why I don't hate Christmas? Though my childhood was atrocious 
Christmas never was that bad, you see! 
So, the best that I can muster 
Is complete and total apathy 
What's wrong with me?How can I prove 
That I am an evil villain worth his salt? 
When with a holiday so jolly 
I can't even find a fault? 
If I didn't feel ambiguous 
I'd launch a big assault! 
But I really don't hate Christmas!No, I really 
No, I really don't hate Christmas!I have an intense burning indifference!

I'll be home with bells on 
I'll be home with bells on  
Trim the tree and wrap the presents
Turn the Christmas music on  
This Christmas I'll be home with bells on.I've traveled around this country 
Crossed the waters deep and wide   
Made lots of friends and memories 
Brought joy to other's lives   
It's Christmas time again 
Another year has come and gone   
And I can't keep from wonderin' 
How the old folks are at home. I'll be home with bells on   
I'll be home with bells on   
Trim the tree and wrap the presents 
Turn the Christmas music on   
This Christmas I'll be home with bells on.When the snow is on the meadow
And the sleigh bells jingle bright   
And the kids are singing jingle bells 
Around the Christmas lights   
As daddy stokes the fire 
And mama puts the turkey on   
There ain't nothing going 
To slow me down this Christmas 
I'll be home. I'll be home with bells on   
I'll be home with bells on   
Trim the tree and wrap the presents 
Turn the Christmas music on   
This Christmas I'll be home with bells on.
When the snowman brings the snow  
Well, he just might like to know  
He's put a great big smile on somebody's face   
If you jump into your bed  
And you cover up your head  
Don't you lock the doors  
You know that sweet Santa Claus is on the way.Well, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
When the kids start singing 
And the band begins to play  
Oh, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
Let the bells ring out for Christmas.When we're skating in the park  
If the storm cloud paints it dark  
Then, your rosy cheeks are gonna light my merry way   
Now the frosticles appear  
And they've frozen up my beard  
And so we'll lie by the fire  
Til the sleet simply melts them all away.Well, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
When the kids start singing 
And the band begins to play  
Oh, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
Let the bells ring out for Christmas.When the snowman brings the snow   
Well, he just might like to know   
He's put a great big smile on somebody's face.  
So, if Santa brings that sleigh   
All along the Milky Way   
I'll sign my name on the rooftop in the snow  
Then he may decide to stay.Well, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
When the kids start singing 
And the band begins to play  
Oh, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
Let the bells ring out for Christmas.Okay you lot, take it.Well, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
When the kids start singing
And the band begins to play  
Oh, I wish it could be Christmas everyday  
Let the bells ring out for Christmas.Why don't you give your love, it's Christmas? When the snowman brings the snow  
When the snowman brings the snow  
When the snowman brings the snow  
When the snowman...

Outside the carolers start to sing  
I can't describe the joy they bring  
Cause joy is something they don't bring me.My girlfriend is by my side  
From the roof are hanging sickles of ice  
Their whiny voices get irritating  
It's Christmas time again.So I stand with a dead smile on my face  
Wondering how much of my time they'll waste  
Oh god, I hate these Satan's helpers.And then I guess I must've snapped  
Because I grabbed a baseball bat  
And made them all run for shelter.It's Christmas time again  
It's time to be nice to the people you can't stand all year  
I'm growing tired of all this Christmas cheer  
You people scare me  
Please stay away from my home  
If you don't wanna get beat down  
Just leave the presents and then leave me alone.Well, I guess it's not cool to freak on Christmas Eve  
Cause the cops came and arrested me  
They had an unfair advantage.  
And even though the jail didn't have a tree  
Christmas came a night early  
Cause a guy named Bubba unwrapped my package. 
It's Christmas time again  
It's time to be nice to the people you can't stand all year  
I'm growing tired of all this Christmas cheer  
You people scare me  
Please stay away from my home  
If you don't wanna get beat down  
Just leave the presents and then leave me alone.
I won't be home  
I won't be home for Christmas  
I won't be home  
I won't be home for Christmas. 

Oh, I yust go nuts at Christmas 
On that yolly holiday 
I'll go in the red like a knucklehead 
Cuz I'll squander all my pay.Oh, I yust go nuts at Christmas 
Shopping sure drives me berserk 
On the day before, I rush in a store 
Like a pure bewildered yerk.I look at nightgowns for my wife 
Those black ones trimmed in red 
But I won't know her size and so 
She'll get a carpet sweeper instead.Oh I yust go nuts at Christmas 
When each kid hangs up his sock 
It's a time for kids to flip their lids 
While their papa goes in hock.On the night before Christmas 
It's still in the house 
My family is sleeping 
So I'm quiet like a mouse.I look at my watch and midnight is near 
I think I'll sneak off for a cold glass of beer 
Down at the corner the crowd is so merry 
I end up by drinking about 12 Tom and Yerry.I get to bed late and gee whiz how I'm sleeping 
When on to my bed those darn kids they come leaping 
They sit on my face and they yump on my belly 
And I'm quivering all over like a bowl full of yelly.They scream "Merry Christmas", and my poor wife and me 
We stumble downstairs and she lights up the tree 
My head is exploding, my mouth tastes like a pickle 
I step on a skate and fall on a tricycle.Yust before Christmas dinner I relax to a point 
Then relatives start swarming all over the yoint 
On Christmas I hug and I kiss my wife's mother 
The rest of the year we don't speak to each other.After dinner my Aunt and my wife's Uncle Louie 
Get into an argument; they're both awful screwy  
Then all my wife's family say Louie is right 
And my goofy relations, they yoin in the fight. Back in the corner the radio is playing 
And over the racket, Gabriel Heater is saying 
"Peace on earth everybody and good will toward men" 
And yust at that moment someone slugs Uncle Ben.They all run outside whooping so the neighbors will hear 
Oh, I'm so glad Merry Christmas comes yust once a year.Oh, I yust go nuts at Christmas 
But I still have lots of fun 
Yust the same as you, I enyoy it too.Merry Christmas Everyone!
I hear the bells 
Saying Christmas is near 
They ring out to tell the world 
That this is the season of cheer.I hear a choir 
Singing sweetly somewhere 
And a glow fills my heart 
I'm in peace with the world 
As the sound of their singing fills the air.Oh, why can't every day be like Christmas? 
Why can't that feeling go on endlessly? 
For, if everyday could be just like Christmas 
What a wonderful world this would be!I hear a child 
Telling Santa what to bring 
And the smile upon his tiny face 
Is worth more to me than anything.Oh, why can't every day be like Christmas? 
Why can't that feeling go on endlessly? 
For, if everyday could be just like Christmas 
What a wonderful world this would be!
If we make it through December 
Every things gonna be all right, I know 
It's the coldest time of winter 
And I shiver when I see the fallin' snow.If we make it through December 
I got plans of bein' in a warmer town, come summer time 
Maybe even California 
If we make it through December, we'll be fine.I got laid off down at the factory 
And their timings not the greatest in the world 
Heaven knows I been workin' hard 
I wanted Christmas to be right for daddy's girl.Now, I don't mean to hate December 
It's meant to be the happy time of year 
And why my little girl don't understand 
Why daddy can't afford no Christmas here.If we make it through December 
Every things gonna be all right, I know 
It's the coldest time of winter 
And I shiver when I see the fallin' snow.If we make it through December 
I got plans of bein' in a warmer town, come summer time 
Maybe even California 
If we make it through December, we'll be fine.

Another day, another reminder 
That your not here with me 
I watch the snowflakes  
Falling from the sky  
Then I get lost in memories 
The time we tried to build a snowman  
The time we tried to count the stars  
Its crazy how we didn't know that  
That we'd ever be apart. I can hear the music playing 
See the lights upon the tree 
I can feel the joy in every soul 
But for me its incomplete 
And I try my best to play the part  
But no matter what I do 
No, it just don't feel like Christmas  
Without you 
You, you, you oooh.
It must have been the mistletoe  
The lazy fire, the falling snow  
The magic in the frosty air  
That feeling everywhere. It must have been the pretty lights  
That glistened in the silent night  
It may be just the stars so bright  
That shined above you Our first Christmas  
More than we'd be dreaming of  
Ah, Saint Nicholas had his fingers crossed  
That we would fall in love! It could have been the holiday,  
The midnight ride upon sleigh  
The countryside all dressed in white  
The crazy snowball fight! It could have been the steeple bell  
That wrapped us up in its spell  
It only took one kiss to know  
It must have been the mistletoe! Our first Christmas more than we'd be dreaming of  
Ah, St. Nicholas must have know that kiss  
Would lead to all of this!! It must have been the mistletoe  
The lazy fire, the falling snow  
The magic in the frosty air  
That made me love you! On Christmas eve, our wish came true  
That I would fall in love with you  
It only took one kiss to know It must have been the mistletoe!  
It must have been the mistletoe!  
It must have been the mistletoe!
It was on a starry night 
When the hills were bright  
Earth lay sleeping  
Sleeping calm and still  
Then in a cattle shed  
In a manger bed  
A boy was born  
King of all the world. 

Chorus: 
And all the angels sang for Him  
The bells of heaven rang for Him 
For a boy was born  
King of all the world.  
And all the angels sang for Him  
The bells of heaven rang for Him  
For a boy was born  
King of all the world. 
Soon the shepherds came that way  
Where the baby lay  
And were kneeling  
Kneeling by His side  
And their hearts believed again  
For the peace of men  
For a boy was born  
King of all the world.
Chorus: 
And all the angels sang for Him  
The bells of heaven rang for Him 
For a boy was born  
King of all the world.  
And all the angels sang for Him  
The bells of heaven rang for Him  
For a boy was born  
King of all the world. 

He was her man 
She was his wife 
And late one winter night 
He knelt by her 
As she gave birth 
But it wasn't his child 
It wasn't his child.Yet still he took him as his own 
And as he watched him grow 
It brought him joy 
But it wasn't his child 
It wasn't his child.But like a father  
He was strong and kind 
And I believe he did his best 
It wasn't easy for him 
But he did all could 
His son was different 
From the rest 
It wasn't his child 
It wasn't his child.And when the boy  
Became a man 
He took his father's hand 
And soon the world 
Would all know why 
It wasn't his child 
It wasn't his child.But like his father  
He was strong and kind 
And I believe he did his best 
It wasn't easy for him 
But he did all could 
He grew up  
With his hands in wood 
And he died  
With his hands in wood 
He was God's child 
He was God's child.He was her man 
She was his wife 
And late one night 
He knelt by her 
As she gave birth 
But it wasn't his child 
It was God's child.

All my life, I've tried to do what's right 
First star I see tonight  
Please make my wish come true 
Why can't we join hands around one tree?  
Let live and let it be 
Make Christmas last forever. When Santa's flying in his magic sleigh 
Goes all around the world in just a day 
From the North Pole to the Southern tip 
He makes his trip with gifts to give away 
Hear him say: "It's Christmas, all over the world tonight 
It's Christmas, all over the world." All my life, I learned if I was good  
And did everything I should 
My dreams would all come true 
I can see a special time  
When we join hands around one tree 
And Christmas lasts forever. When Santa's flying in his magic sleigh 
Goes all around the world in just a day 
From the North Pole to the Southern tip 
He makes his trip with gifts to give away 
Hear him say:"It's Christmas, all over the world tonight 
It's Christmas, all over the world."
It's the most wonderful time of the year  
With the kids jingle belling 
And everyone telling you "Be of good cheer"  
It's the most wonderful time of the year.It's the hap-happiest season of all 
With those holiday greetings and gay, happy meetings  
When friends come to call  
It's the hap-happiest season of all.There'll be parties for hosting  
Marshmallows for toasting  
And caroling out in the snow  
There'll be scary ghost stories  
And tales of the glories of  
Christmases long, long ago.It's the most wonderful time of the year  
There'll be much mistletoeing  
And hearts will be glowing  
When loved ones are near  
It's the most wonderful time of the year.There'll be parties for hosting  
Marshmallows for toasting  
And caroling out in the snow  
There'll be scary ghost stories  
And tales of the glories of  
Christmases long, long ago.It's the most wonderful time of the year  
There'll be much mistletoeing  
And hearts will be glowing  
When loved ones are near.It's the most wonderful time 
It's the most wonderful time 
It's the most wonderful time of the year.

Angels we have heard on high.
(Santa Claus ain't got nothing on this.)Chorus: 
Jesus is the reason (ladies) 
For the season (ladies) 
Yes 
Yes, he is! (Alto) 
Oh, yes he is (Soprano)  
Oh, yes he is  
Yeah! (Tenors) Chorus: 
Jesus is the reason (ladies) 
For the season (ladies) 
Yes 
Yes, he is! (Alto) 
Oh, yes he is (Soprano)  
Oh, yes he is  
Yeah! (Tenors) Verse:
I don't need  
Material things  
All I need  
Is the love you bring.   
This holiday  
I came to say  
That Jesus is  
The only way.Chorus: 
Jesus is the reason (ladies) 
For the season (ladies) 
Yes 
Yes, he is! (Alto) 
Oh, yes he is (Soprano)  
Oh, yes he is  
Yeah! (Tenors) Chorus: 
Jesus is the reason (ladies) 
For the season (ladies) 
Yes 
Yes, he is! (Alto) 
Oh, yes he is (Soprano)  
Oh, yes he is  
Yeah! (Tenors) Verse:
I don't need  
Material things  
All I need  
Is the love you bring.   
This holiday  
I came to say  
That Jesus is  
The only way.Chorus: 
Jesus is the reason (ladies) 
For the season (ladies) 
Yes 
Yes, he is! (Alto) 
Oh, yes he is (Soprano)  
Oh, yes he is  
Yeah! (Tenors) Chorus: 
Jesus is the reason (ladies) 
For the season (ladies) 
Yes 
Yes, he is! (Alto) 
Oh, yes he is (Soprano)  
Oh, yes he is  
Yeah! (Tenors) Bridge:  
Glooooooo- (Soprano)  
Oh oh (Alto)  
Oh oh (Tenor)  
-Rious (ALL).(Santa Claus ain't got nothing on this.)Vamp: 
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing you should know  
(One thing you should know)  
Where ever you go  
(Where ever you go)  
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing I can say  
(One thing I can say)  
On this special day  
(On this special day).  Vamp: 
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing you should know  
(One thing you should know)  
Where ever you go  
(Where ever you go)  
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing I can say  
(One thing I can say)  
On this special day  
(On this special day).  Say who got the praise?  
We got the praise  
And who we give the praise to?  
Jesus!  Say who got the praise?  
We got the praise  
And who we give the praise to?  
Jesus!  Say who got the praise?  
We got the praise  
And who we give the praise to?  
Jesus!  Say who got the praise?  
We got the praise  
And who we give the praise to?  
Jesus!  (Santa Claus ain't got nothing on this.)Vamp: 
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing you should know  
(One thing you should know)  
Where ever you go  
(Where ever you go)  
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing I can say  
(One thing I can say)  
On this special day  
(On this special day.)  Vamp: 
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing you should know  
(One thing you should know)  
Where ever you go  
(Where ever you go)  
He is  
He's the reason  
One thing I can say  
(One thing I can say)  
On this special day  
(On this special day.)  

She was driving last Friday 
On her way to Cincinnati 
On a snow white Christmas Eve 
Going home to see her Mama and her Daddy  
With the baby in the backseat 
Fifty miles to go  
And she was running low  
On faith and gasoline.It'd been a long hard year 
She had a lot on her mind  
And she didn't pay attention 
She was going way too fast 
Before she knew it  
She was spinning on a thin black sheet of glass 
She saw both their lives flash before her eyes 
She didn't even have time to cry 
She was so scared 
She threw her hands up in the air.Jesus take the wheel 
Take it from my hands 
Cause I can't do this on my own 
I'm letting go 
So give me one more chance 
Save me from this road I'm on 
Jesus take the wheel.It was still getting colder  
When she made it to the shoulder 
And the car came to a stop 
She cried when she saw that baby in the backseat  
Sleeping like a rock 
And for the first time in a long time 
She bowed her head to pray 
She said, I'm sorry for the way 
I've been living my life 
I know I've got to change 
So from now on tonight:Jesus take the wheel 
Take it from my hands 
Cause I can't do this on my own 
I'm letting go 
So give me one more chance 
Save me from this road I'm on".Ooh, Jesus take the wheel 
Ooh, I'm letting go 
So give me one more chance 
Save me from this road I'm on 
From this road I'm on 
Jesus take the wheel 
Ooh, take it, take it from me 
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh.

Dashing through the sand 
With a bomb strapped to my back  
I have a nasty plan  
For Christmas in Iraq. I got through checkpoint A 
But not through checkpoint B  
That's when I got shot in the ass  
By the US Military. Oh, jingle bombs, jingle bombs  
Mine blew up you see  
Where are all the virgins  
That Bin Laden promised me? Oh, jingle bombs, jingle bombs  
U.S. soldiers shot me dead  
The only thing that I have left  
Is this towel up on my head. I used to be a man  
But every time I cough  
Thanks to Uncle Sam  
My nuts keep falling off. My bombing days are done 
I need to find some work 
Perhaps it would be much safer  
As a convenience store night clerk. Oh, jingle bombs, jingle bombs  
I think I got screwed  
Don't laugh at me because I'm dead  
Or I kill you! 

Go to sleep, my Son 
This manger for your bed; 
You have a long road before You 
Rest Your little head.Can You feel the weight of Your glory? 
Do You understand the price? 
Does the Father guard Your heart for now 
So You can sleep tonight?Go to sleep, my Son 
Go and chase Your dreams 
This world can wait for one more moment 
Go and sleep in peace.I believe the glory of Heaven 
Is lying in my arms tonight 
Lord, I ask that He for just this moment 
Simply be my child.Go to sleep my Son 
Baby, close Your eyes 
Soon enough You'll save the day 
But for now, dear Child of mine 
Oh my Jesus, Sleep tight.
How could it be this Baby in my arms 
Sleeping now, so peacefully 
The Son of God, the angel said 
How could it be? Lord, I know He's not my own 
Not of my flesh, not of my bone 
Still Father, let this Baby be 
The son of my love.Father, show me where I fit into this plan of Yours 
How can a man be father to the Son of God? 
Lord, for all my life I've been a simple carpenter 
How can I raise a King? 
How can I raise a King? He looks so small
His face and hands so fair 
And when He cries, the sun just seems to disappear 
But when He laughs, it shines again 
How could it be?Father, show me where I fit into this plan of Yours 
How can a man be father to the Son of God? 
Lord, for all my life I've been a simple carpenter 
How can I raise a King? 
How can I raise a King? How could it be this baby in my arms 
Sleeping now, so peacefully 
The Son of God, the angel said 
How could it be? 
How could it be?
Somewhere 
In a winter night 
The angels 
Begin their flight;  
Dark skies 
With miles to go 
No footsteps 
To be lost in snow.They fly to you 
Oh, newborn King 
They fly to you 
Oh, angels sing. One is sorrow 
One is peace 
One will come 
To give you sleep 
One is comfort 
One is grief 
One will take 
The tears you weep.New star 
In a midnight sky 
In heaven 
All the angels fly 
Soft wings so true 
And all things 
They will give to you.Somewhere 
In a winter night 
The angels 
Begin their flight.Tonight 
All sing 
Oh, angels 
A newborn King 
Tonight 
All sing 
Oh, angels 
A newborn King.

On our way from Stockholm 
Started to snow 
And you said it was like Christmas 
But you were wrong 
It wasn't like Christmas at all. By the time we got to Oslo 
Snow was gone 
And we got lost 
The beds were small 
But we felt so young 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas. It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas 
It was just like Christmas.
Bobby wants a ten-speed, an English racer 
Jenny wants that fuzzy teddy bear 
Now your asking me 
What I'd like from Santa 
For Christmas this year?  
There's a lot of things, girl  
You could buy for me 
But they wouldn't mean as much  
As you standing by that tree.Just put a ribbon in your hair, darlin' 
You'll be the best gift anywhere 
Christmas mornin' 
There's no worldly treasure 
I'd like any better 
Than you standin' there 
Just put a ribbon in your hair.Colored boxes filled with fancy presents 
They were mighty pretty sights 
It's true 
But all those pretty things 
They just can't compare 
To the beauty in you 
Girl, on Christmas day 
The greatest gift I know 
Will be having you to hold  
Underneath the mistletoe. 
Just put a ribbon in your hair, darlin' 
You'll be the best gift anywhere 
Christmas mornin' 
There's no worldly treasure 
I'd like any better 
Than you standin' there 
Just put a ribbon in your hair 
Just put a ribbon in your hair.
Ooohhh baby! 

Oh yeah 
Yeah 
Kiss me at midnight.Kiss me at midnight 
(5) 
hey yeah... 
(4) 
oh... 
(3, 2, 1!)  Kiss me at midnight  
Dance until the morning light 
Party into the New Year 
All of my friends are here 
And when the timing's right 
Kiss me at midnight.Kiss!I've been waiting for the special night 
To be with you 
The colors of Christmas are still shining bright 
And I know what we're gonna do 
Anticipating, music is playing 
The magic is in the air 
All through the season 
You've been the reason 
I have so much love to share.Kiss me at midnight  
Dance until the morning light 
Party into the New Year 
All of my friends are here 
And when the timing's right 
Kiss me at midnight.Kiss 
Kiss me at midnight 
Kiss.We've been making promises in the dark 
Our resolutions 
As a brand new year is about to start 
And we're together 
Celebrating, no more waiting 
Our time has arrived. 
The beat in my heart 
As the countdown starts 
Just look into my eyes.Kiss me at midnight  
Dance until the morning light 
Party into the New Year 
All of my friends are here 
And when the timing's right 
Kiss me at midnight.Baby, it's New Year's Eve  
Time we can believe 
In making wishes 
Dreams come true 
Just for me and you!Kiss me at midnight  
Dance until the morning light 
Party into the New Year 
All of my friends are here 
And when the timing's right 
Kiss me at midnight.Kiss me at midnight  
Dance until the morning light 
Party into the New Year 
All of my friends are here 
And when the timing's right 
Kiss me at midnight.Kiss me at midnight  
Dance until the morning light...

Last Christmas, I gave you my heart  
But the very next day, you gave it away  
This year, to save me from tears  
I'll give it to someone special. Last Christmas, I gave you my heart  
But the very next day, you gave it away  
(Gave it away) 
This year, to save me from tears  
I'll give it to someone special 
(Special) Once bitten and twice shy  
I keep my distance, but you still catch my eye  
Tell me baby, do you recognize me?  
Well, it's been a year, it doesn't surprise me.
Well, you've all heard  
About Rudolph and his nose  
But I'll tell you a Christmas tale  
That never has been told;  
Well, you may think you've heard it all  
But you ain't heard yet  
About that crazy Christmas  
That the North pole can't forget.Rudolph was under the weather 
He had to call in sick  
So he got on the horn to his cousin Leroy 
Who lived out in the sticks;  
He said, "Santa's really counting on me  
And I hate to pass the buck."  
Leroy said "Hey I'm on my way,"  
And he jumped in his pick-up truck.When Leroy got to the North Pole  
All the reindeer snickered and laughed  
They'd never seen a deer in overalls 
And a John Deere Tractor hat;  
But Santa stepped in and said:  
"Just calm down  
'Cause we've all got a job to do  
"And like it or not, Leroy's in charge 
And he's gonna be leading you."And it was Leroy, the red neck reindeer  
Hooked to the front of the sleigh  
Delivering toys to all the good ole boys  
And girls along the way  
He's just a down home party animal 
Two-stepping across the sky  
He mixed jingle bells with a rebel yell  
And made history that night.Before that night was over 
Leroy had changed their tune  
He had them scootin' a hoof 
On every single roof  
By the light of a neon moon;  
Santa wrapped his bag with a Dixie flag  
He was having the time of his life  
And you can hear him call  
"Merry Christmas y'all  
And to all of y'all, a good night."And it was Leroy, the red neck reindeer  
Hooked to the front of the sleigh  
Delivering toys to all the good ole boys  
And girls along the way  
He's just a down home party animal 
Two-stepping across the sky  
He mixed jingle bells with a rebel yell  
And made history that night.He mixed jingle bells with a rebel yell 
And made history that night.
Let it be Christmas everywhere 
In the hearts of all people both near and afar  
Christmas everywhere  
Feel the love of the season wherever you are  
On the small country roads lined with green mistletoe  
Big city streets where a thousand lights glow.Let it be Christmas everywhere  
Let heavenly music fill the air  
Let every heart sing, let every bell ring  
The story of hope and joy and peace  
And let it be Christmas everywhere  
Let heavenly music fill the air  
Let anger and fear and hate disappear  
Let there be love that lasts through the year  
And let it be Christmas  
Christmas everywhere. Let it be Christmas everywhere   
With the gold and the silver, the green and the red   
Christmas everywhere   
In the smiles of all children asleep in their beds   
In the eyes of young babies their first fallen snow   
Elderly memories that never grow old.Let it be Christmas everywhere  
Let heavenly music fill the air  
Let every heart sing, let every bell ring  
The story of hope and joy and peace  
And let it be Christmas everywhere  
Let heavenly music fill the air  
Let anger and fear and hate disappear  
Let there be love that lasts through the year  
And let it be Christmas  
Christmas everywhere. Let it be Christmas everywhere   
In the songs that we sing and the gifts that we bring   
Christmas everywhere   
In what this day means and what we believe   
From the sandy white beaches where blue water rolls   
Snow covered mountains and valleys below. Let it be Christmas everywhere  
Let heavenly music fill the air  
Let every heart sing, let every bell ring  
The story of hope and joy and peace  
And let it be Christmas everywhere  
Let heavenly music fill the air  
Let anger and fear and hate disappear  
Let there be love that lasts through the year  
And let it be Christmas  
Christmas everywhere  
Christmas everywhere   
Christmas everywhere.

I watch the snowflakes fall  
Against my window pane  
And wonder if you  
Are watching snowflakes too;  
I take a walk downtown  
To where you used to meet me  
There's joy everywhere  
But all that waiting there is:Just a little Christmas tree  
Lookin' sorta sad and lonely  
Just like me  
No one seems to care  
They just went away   
And left it standing there  
All alone on Christmas eve.I hear the Christmas bells  
(Bum Bum Bum)  
The happy people singing  
The songs of good cheer   
That only brings me tears  
I sadly close my eyes  
And say a little prayer  
You'll be waiting there for me  
I look but all I see is:Just a little Christmas tree  
Lookin' sorta sad and lonely  
Just like me  
No one seems to care  
They just went away   
And left it standing there  
All alone on Christmas eve.This is the season of love  
(This is the season of love)  
But I'm as sad as I can be  
(Sad as can be)  
Why did you have to leave me?  
(Why did you leave me?)  
(Why did you leave me?)Just a little Christmas tree  
Lookin' sorta sad and lonely  
Just like me  
No one seems to care  
They just went away   
And left it standing there  
All alone on Christmas eve.

As I walked down the road at set of sun 
The lambs were coming homeward one by one 
I heard a sheep bell softly calling them 
Along the little road to Bethlehem.Beside an open door as I drew nigh 
I heard sweet Mary sing a lullaby 
She sang about the lambs at close of day 
And rocked her tiny King among the hay.Across the air the silver sheep bells rang 
"The lambs are coming home" sweet Mary sang 
"Your star of gold, your star of gold is shining in the sky 
So sleep, my little King, go lullaby".As I walked down the road at set of sun 
The lambs were coming homeward one by one 
I heard a sheep bell softly calling them 
Along the little road to Bethlehem.

Try to imagine a house that's not a home 
Try to imagine a Christmas all alone 
That's where I'll be 
Since you left me. My tears would melt the snow 
What can I do 
Without you 
I've got no place, no place to go.It'll be lonely this Christmas 
Without you to hold 
It'll be lonely this Christmas 
Lonely and cold 
It'll be cold, so cold 
Without you to hold 
This Christmas.Each time I remember 
The day you went away 
And how I would listen 
To things you have to say 
I just break down 
As I look around 
And the only things I see 
Are emptiness and loneliness 
And an unlit Christmas tree.It'll be lonely this Christmas 
Without you to hold 
It'll be lonely this Christmas 
Lonely and cold 
It'll be cold, so cold 
Without you to hold 
This Christmas.You remember last year? 
When you and I were together 
We never thought there'd be an end. 
And I remember looking at you then 
And I remember thinking  
That Christmas must have been made for us 
Cause darlin'  
This is the time that you really need love 
When it means so very very much.It'll be lonely this Christmas 
Without you to hold 
It'll be lonely this Christmas 
Lonely and cold 
It'll be cold, so cold 
Without you to hold 
This Christmas.Merry Christmas darlin'  
Wherever you are.

I know great distance still remains between us 
But there's good reason to hold on 
It's the happiest time of the year 
Filled with laughter and good cheer 
As you watch the snow, sweet love  
You'll hear me say:"You've got my heart on Christmas 
Inside my soul your love remains 
Love's in our hearts 
On Christmas day". The days and weeks and months go by so slowly 
We are both wishing them to fly  
As the night begins to fall 
Twilight crowns the bedroom cheer  
Such a rush of joy 
Your love, it comforts me 
And I do believe:Love's in our hearts on Christmas  
Though far apart  
As one we pray  
Love's in our hearts  
On Christmas day. Snowflakes melt in your eye and turns to tears  
But your cheek, it stays dry  
With your warm smile so near  
I have no fear  
We're gonna make it. Love's in our hearts on Christmas  
Though far apart  
As one we pray  
Loves in our hearts  
On Christmas day.
What kind of King would leave His throne 
In Heaven to make this earth His home?  
While men seek fame and great renown  
In lowliness our King comes down. Jesus, Jesus, precious one 
How we thank You that You've come  
Jesus, Jesus, precious one 
A manger throne for God's own son. You left the sound of angels' praise   
To come for men with unkind ways 
And by this Baby's helplessness  
The power of nations is laid to rest. Jesus, Jesus, precious one  
How we thank You that You've come 
Jesus, Jesus, precious one  
A manger throne for God's own son. What kind of King would come so small 
From glory to a humble stall?  
That dirty manger is my heart too   
I'll make it a royal throne for You. Jesus, Jesus, precious one  
How we thank You that You've come  
Jesus, Jesus, precious one  
A manger throne for God's own son. Jesus, Jesus, precious one 
Precious Jesus  
How we thank You that You've come 
Jesus, Jesus, precious one  
A manger throne  
My heart is a throne 
My heart is a throne for God's own son.
Three great kings I met at early morn 
With all their retinue were slowly marching 
Three great kings I met at early morn 
Were on their way to meet the newly born 
With gifts of gold brought from far away 
And valiant warriors to guard the royal treasure 
With gifts of gold brought from far away 
Their shields all shining in their bright array. Ce matin, j'ai rencontre le train 
De trois grands rois qui allaient en voyage 
Ce matin, j'ai rencontre le train 
De trois grands rois dessus le grand chemin 
Tout charges d'or les suivaient d'abord 
De grands guerriers et les gardes du tresor 
Tout charges d'or les suivaient d'abord 
De grands guerriers avec leurs boucliers. For Thy mercy and Thy grace 
Constant through another year 
Hear our song of thankfulness 
Father and Redeemer hear 
Dark the future; let Thy light 
Guide us, bright and morning star 
Fierce our foes and hard the fight 
Arm us Savior for the war. In our weakness and distress 
Rock of strength be Thou our stay 
In the pathless wilderness 
Be our true and living way 
Keep us faithful; keep us pure 
Keep us evermore Thine own 
Help, O help us to endure 
Fit us for the promised crown.

 Masters in this hall  
Hear ye news today  
Brought from over seas  
And ever you I pray.
Chorus: 
Sing we now noel  
Sing we noel clear!  
Holpen all the folk on earth  
Born the Son of God so dear!
Then to Bethl'em town  
Went we two by two  
In a sorry place  
We heard the oxen low.
Chorus: 
Sing we now noel  
Sing we noel clear!  
Holpen all the folk on earth  
Born the Son of God so dear!
Ox and ass Him know  
Kneeling on their knee  
Wonderous joy had   
This little babe to see.
Chorus: 
Sing we now noel  
Sing we noel clear!  
Holpen all the folk on earth  
Born the Son of God so dear!
This is Christ, the Lord  
Masters be ye glad!  
Christmas is come in  
And no folk shall be sad!
Chorus: 
Sing we now noel  
Sing we noel clear!  
Holpen all the folk on earth  
Born the Son of God so dear!

Yeah, you know baby 
Merry Christmas, baby.Merry Christmas, baby 
You sure did treat me nice 
Merry Christmas, baby  
You sure did treat me nice 
Oh Yeah.Buy me a diamond ring for Christmas 
I feel  like I'm in paradise.I'm feelin' mighty fine, yo 
I've got music in my radio 
Oh yeah 
I'm feelin' mighty fine, yo 
I've got music on my radio. I feel like I'm goin' to kiss you 
Underneath the mistletoe.Santa comin' down the chimney 
Half past three 
All those pretty presents 
For my baby, and for me.Oh Merry Christmas, baby 
Sure did treat me nice 
Treat me so nice  
Buyin' me all those pretty presents 
I feel like I'm in paradise.Merry Christmas, girl 
Singin' Merry Christmas, baby.Merry Christmas, baby 
Sure did treat me nice 
You know you do 
Merry Christmas, baby 
Sure did treat me nice 
Oh yeah.I got all of those pretty presents 
I feel like I'm in paradise.Oh,Merry Christmas, baby 
Merry Christmas, baby 
Oh, I feel like I'm in paradise 
I'm in my paradise.
My baby she told me 
She don't want to hold me 
And kiss my lips anymore  
She's gonna leave me 
And she don't believe me 
That I'll be true now.

Snow is falling all around me 
Children playing, having fun 
It's the season of love and understanding 
Merry Christmas everyone. Time for parties and celebration 
People dancing, all night long 
Time for presents and exchanging kisses 
Time for singing Christmas songs. We're gonna have a party tonight 
I'm gonna find that girl  
Underneath the mistletoe 
We'll kiss by candlelight. Room is swaying, records playing 
All the old songs, we love to hear 
All I wish that everyday was Christmas 
What a nice way to spend the year. We're gonna have a party tonight 
I'm gonna find that girl  
Underneath the mistletoe 
We'll kiss by candlelight. Snow is falling all around me 
Children playing, having fun 
It's the season of love and understanding 
Merry Christmas everyone 
Merry Christmas, everyone 
Merry Christmas everyone. Snow is falling all around me 
Children playing, having fun 
It's the season of love and understanding 
Merry Christmas everyone. Snow is falling all around me 
Children playing, having fun 
It's the season of love and understanding 
Merry Christmas everyone. Snow is falling all around me 
Children playing, having fun 
It's the season of love and understanding 
Merry Christmas everyone. Snow is falling all around me 
Children playing, having fun 
It's the season of love and understanding 
Merry Christmas everyone 
Merry Christmas everyone 
Oooh Merry Christmas everyone!
Today, I took some paper from the closet 
And wrapped the wedding ring you left behind  
And I addressed it to the man who vowed to love you  
And on the little card I wrote these words inside: Merry Christmas to me  
Just one gift beneath my tree  
For the fool who let you leave  
Merry Christmas to me. Then I sat down in my chair and thought about you  
About the many reasons why you're gone  
And I opened up the present that I gave to me  
And realized how much it hurts to be alone. Merry Christmas to me  
Just one gift beneath my tree  
For the fool who let you leave  
Merry Christmas to me. I am the fool who let you leave 
Merry Christmas to me.
She leaned with her head on the window 
Watching evergreen bend in the snow 
Remembering Christmas the way it had been 
So many seasons ago. When children would reach for their stockings 
And open the presents they found 
The lights on the tree would shine bright in their eyes 
Reflecting the love all around. This year there's no one to open the gifts 
No reason for trimming the tree 
And just as a tear made its way to the floor 
She heard voices outside start to sing. Merry Christmas to all who may dwell here 
Merry Christmas if even just one 
May the joy of the season surround you 
Merry Christmas with love. Carolers sang as she opened the door 
Faces of friends in the crowd 
And all of the shadows of lonely reminders 
Driven away by the sound. Now the heart that for years had been silent 
Was suddenly filled with a song 
As she clung to their hands like a child in the night 
She found her self singing along: Merry Christmas to all who may dwell here 
Merry Christmas if even just one 
May the joy of the season surround you 
Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas to all who may dwell here 
Merry Christmas if even just one 
May the joy of the season surround you 
Merry Christmas with love. Merry Christmas with love. 
Are you hanging up a stocking on your wall? 
It's the time that every Santa has a ball 
Does he ride a red nosed reindeer? 
Does he turn up on his sleigh 
Do the fairies keep him sober for a day?Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Are you waiting for the family to arrive? 
Are you sure you got room to spare inside? 
Does your granny always tell you, that the old songs are the best? 
Then she's up and rock 'n' rollin' with the rest.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.What will your daddy do? 
When he sees your Mama kissin' Santa Claus? 
Ah ah!Are you hanging up a stocking on your wall? 
Are you hoping that the snow will start to fall? 
Do you ride on down the hillside in a buggy you have made? 
When you land upon your head then you've been sleighed.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.

Great 
Fake plastic mistletoe 
Wrap me in a great big bow 
And tear me apart.It's Christmas time 
So open up the flood gates 
Tell me that you'll be late 
And rip me apart.Cause you say that 
You say that things will be alright 
But I've heard that  
I've heard that so many times. And I know that 
It's not Christmas  
If the snow don't fall 
And I'm still standing here  
Three feet small 
Lose our troubles  
Because after all 
It's Christmas time.It's Christmas time.Cold 
Ice on the walkways 
Slip in to the games we play 
We're falling apart.A great big house 
That's made out of ginger bread 
Crumbles to the ground 
We're breaking apart.
Oh, by gosh, by golly  
It's time for mistletoe and holly  
Tasty pheasants, Christmas presents  
Countrysides covered with snow.Oh, by gosh, by jingle  
It's time for carols and Kris Kringle  
Overeating, merry greetings  
From relatives you don't know.Then comes that big night  
Giving the tree the trim  
You'll hear voices by starlight  
Singing a Yuletide hymn.Oh, by gosh, by golly  
It's time for mistletoe and holly  
Fancy ties an' granny's pies  
An' folks stealin' a kiss or two  
As they whisper, "Merry Christmas" to you.
The child is a King, the carolers sing 
The old has passed, there's a new beginning 
Dreams of Santa, dreams of snow 
Fingers numb, faces aglow.Christmas time, mistletoe and wine 
Children singing Christian rhyme 
With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree 
A time to rejoice in the good that we see. A time for living, a time for believing 
A time for trusting, not deceiving 
Love and laughter and joy ever after 
Ours for the taking, just follow the Master.Christmas time, mistletoe and wine 
Children singing Christian rhyme 
With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree 
A time to rejoice in the good that we see. Silent night  
Holy night.It's a time for giving, a time for getting 
A time for forgiving and for forgetting 
Christmas is love, Christmas is peace 
A time for hating and fighting to cease.Christmas time 
Silent night 
Mistletoe and wine 
Holy night 
Children singing Christian rhyme 
With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree 
A time to rejoice in the good that we see.Christmas time, mistletoe and wine 
Children singing Christian rhyme 
With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree 
A time to rejoice in the good that we see. Christmas time, mistletoe and wine 
Children singing Christian rhyme 
With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree 
A time to rejoice in the good that we see. Christmas time 
Silent night 
Mistletoe and wine 
Holy night 
Children singing Christian rhyme 
With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree 
A time to rejoice in the good that we see.

Oh yeah yeah 
Last night I took a walk in the snow  
Couples holding hands, places to go  
Seems like everyone but me is in love. Santa, can you hear me?  
I signed my letter, that I sealed with a kiss  
I sent it off  
It just said this,  
"I know exactly what I want this year  
Santa, can you hear me?  
I want my baby (baby, yeah)  
I want someone to love me   Someone to hold me"  
Maybe (maybe, maybe maybe) 
He'll be all my own 
In a big red bow.Santa, can you hear me?  
I have been so good this year 
And all I want is one thing  
Tell me my true love is near  
He's all I want, just for me   
Underneath my Christmas tree
No room, only a manager of hay 
No room, He is a stranger today  
No room, here in His world turned away  
No room, no room.No room, here in the hearts of mankind  
No room, no cheery welcome could find  
No room, surely the world is blind  
No room, no room. Angels, in heaven up yonder  
Watch with amazement and wonder  
To see the Son of the Highest treated so  
No room.No room, only a manger of hay  
No room, He is a stranger today  
No room, here in His world turned away  
No room, no room, no room.
Underneath the stars  
Just a simple man and wife  
Somewhere in the dark  
His words cut the silent night  
"Take my hand, for the Child  
That you carry is God's own  
And though it seems the road is long  
We're not that far from Bethlehem  
Where all our hope and joy begins  
For in our arms we'll cherish Him  
We're not that far from Bethlehem".Let us celebrate  
As the Christmases go by  
Learn to live our days  
With our hearts near to the Child  
Ever drawn, ever close  
To the only love that lasts   
And though 2000 years have passed.We're not that far from Bethlehem  
Where all our hope and joy began  
For when our hearts still cherish Him  
We're not that far                      
We're not that far from Bethlehem  
Where all our hope and joy began  
For when our hearts still cherish Him  
We're not that far   
We're not that far from Bethlehem.

O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree  
How steadfast are your branches! 
O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree 
How steadfast are your branches! 
Your boughs are green in summer's clime 
And through the snows of wintertime 
O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree, 
How steadfast are your branches!O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree 
What happiness befalls me? 
O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree 
What happiness befalls me? 
When off at joyous Christmastime 
Your form inspires my song and rhyme 
O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree 
What happiness befalls me ?O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree 
Your boughs can teach a lesson 
O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree 
Your boughs can teach a lesson 
That constant faith and hope sublime 
Lend strength and comfort through all time 
O Christmas Tree, O Chirstmas Tree 
Your boughs can teach a lesson.

Narrator: And now it's time for Silly Songs with Larry 
The part of the show where Larry comes out and sings a silly song 
It's Christmas Eve, and Larry is anxiously awaiting  
The arrival of Santa Claus, with a plate of cookies.Larry: Oh, Santa! 
I can't wait for you to come 
I just can't wait for you to come 
And I've got cookies! 
Three yummy cookies! 
Just for you for when you come 
Only for you for when you come 
Because it's Christmas!Knock, knock, knockLarry: Could that be Santa? 
Could that be him? 
Could it be the one  
Who brings presents  
For a cucumber like me? 
A good cucumber like me?Narrator: Larry is surprised to be greeted
Not by Santa 
But a crafty bank robber!Larry: Who are you?Bank robber: I'm a bank robber! 
And I've come to rob your bank 
Oh yes! I've come to rob your bank 
And I've come to take your dimes  
And swipe your nickels 
So stand back, step aside you silly pickle! 
And let me in!Narrator: Although frightened by the intruder 
In the spirit of Christmas Larry makes an offering.Larry: I'm not a banker 
I have no bank, my robbing friend 
But I have cookies 
Three yummy cookies 
And I don't have nickels 
But please take this, my robbing friend 
Eat one of these my robbing friend 
They are for Santa 
But you may have one.Narrator: The bank robber is truly touched 
By Larry's good will  
But Larry, although momentarily distracted  
Is still excited about seeing Santa. Larry:Oh, Santa!   
I can't wait for you to come  
I just can't wait for you to come  
And I've got cookies!   
Two yummy cookies!   
Just for you   
For when you come  
Oh me!  
For you for when you come   
Because it's Christmas!"Bank robber: 
I'm a robber!   
I came to rob your bank   
Oh yes!   
I came to rob your bank   
You shared a cookie  
A yummy cookie  
Though I'd love to take your dimes  
Perhaps another time  
Because it's Christmas!"Knock, knock, knockLarry: Could that be Santa? 
Could that be him? 
Could it be the one  
Who brings presents  
For a cucumber like me? 
A good cucumber like me?Narrator: Once again, it is not Santa   
Who has come to Larry's door  
But this time a savage Norseman. Larry: Who are you?Viking: I'm a Viking!  
And I've come to take your land  
Oh yes! I've come to take your land  
And I've come to burn your crops   
And steal your horses!  
And I've come to   
Step on your chickens  
And soil your quilts!Narrator: Although frightened by the intruder   
In the spirit of Christmas  
Larry makes an offering. Larry: I don't have land  
I don't have crops, my Viking friend  
But I have cookies!  
Two yummy cookies!  
And I don't have horses  
But please take this, my Viking friend  
Eat one of these, my Viking friend  
They are for Santa  
But you may have one!Narrator: The Viking is also touched 
By Larry's good will   
But Larry's thoughts are still with Santa. Larry: Oh, Santa! 
I can't wait for you to come 
I just can't wait for you to come 
I've got a cookie!  
A yummy cookie!  
Just for you, for when you come  
Oh me! 
For you, for when you come  
Because it's Christmas!Viking: I'm a Viking!  
I came to take your land 
Oh yes!  
I came to take your land  
You shared a cookie 
A yummy cookie 
Though I'd love to soil your quilts 
I don't think that I will  
Because it's Christmas!Knock, knock, knockLarry: Could that be Santa? 
Could that be him? 
Could it be the one  
Who brings presents  
For a cucumber like me? 
A good cucumber like me?Narrator: Larry is greeted now  
By an agent of the Internal Revenue Service. Larry: Who are you?Peach: I'm from the IRS! 
And I've come to tax your...SLAMLarry: Oh, Santa! 
I can't wait for you to come 
I just can't wait for you to come 
It's finally Santa! 
It's finally him! 
At last, the one who brings presents  
For a cucumber like me 
A good cucumber like me!Santa: I'm Santa! 
And I've come to bring you gifts 
Oh yes!  
I've come to bring you gifts 
And I've come to stuff your stockings 
Oh, ho ho ho! 
And I've come to jiggle my belly 
And wiggle my nose 
Hey, wait a minute! 
Isn't that my belt? 
And what are you doing with my hat? 
So you're the ones!Bank robber: Wait a minute, I can explain!Viking: We've changed!Santa: Nobody messes with Santa! 
You know that, don't you? 
You've been very naughty! 
And I've got a list!Peach: Did you claim that?Larry: Merry Christmas!

I have been given 
One moment from heaven 
As I am walking 
Surrounded by night 
Stars high above me 
Make a wish under moonlight.On my way home 
I remember 
Only good days 
I'm on my way home 
I can remember  
Every new day.I move in silence 
With each step taken 
Snow falling round me 
Like angels in flight 
Far in the distance 
Is my wish under moonlight.On my way home 
I remember 
Only good days 
On my way home  
I remember  
All the best days 
I'm on my way home  
I can remember  
Every new day.On my way home  
I remember  
All the good days.On my way home  
I remember  
All the best days 
I'm on my way home  
I can remember  
Every new day.

Once upon a Christmas, far away in Bethlehem  
Mary being great with child had no place to lie down  
So Joseph found a stable in which Mary had her child  
Once upon a Christmas was the birth of Jesus Christ.Once upon a Christmas in a manger far away  
A King was born His palace was a manger filled with hay  
His royal robe was swaddling cloth, a halo was His crown  
Once upon a Christmas away in Bethlehem.And all the world rejoiced because the King was born at last  
A savior had been promised now it had come to pass  
And the joyful news that He was born, spread quickly far and wide  
Once upon a Christmas, was the birth of Jesus Christ.Once upon a Christmas from the Far East wise men came  
With gold and myrrh and frankincense to praise the newborn King  
And shepherds left their flocks and came to see and worship Him  
Once upon a Christmas away in Bethlehem.And all the world rejoiced because the King was born at last  
A savior had been promised now it had come to pass  
And the joyful news that He was born spread quickly far and wide  
Once upon a Christmas was the birth of Jesus Christ.Once upon a Christmas far away in Bethlehem.

One little Christmas tree was standing alone 
Waiting for someone to come by 
One little Christmas tree that never had grown 
Cried as he looked up to the sky.Oh please, Mr. Father Tree, the tallest of all 
I'm so afraid and alone 
Could one little Christmas tree so tiny and small 
Light up someone's home? Cause one little Christmas tree can light up a home 
So, one little child can find a toy 
One little Christmas tree can light up a home 
So, one little heart can find some joy.One little angel who was riding a star 
Cried as she looked down at the tree 
Oh please, Mr. Father Tree wherever you are 
May I give him the star you gave to me?Then in the heavens came a voice from afar 
A voice that was heard throughout the world 
"Go down little angel girl and give him your star 
Tonight he'll light the world." 

One toy soldier stands alone 
With his drum down by his side. 
One toy soldier on his own  
With his drum to keep the time.He keeps the beat of marching feet  
He keeps the beat so true  
He's one small toy for one small boy  
But his heart is, oh! so blue. Who can mend my broken drum?  
Will it be as good as new?  
I must play when morning comes  
If I don't, what shall I do? He keeps the beat of marching feet  
He keeps the beat inside  
While children sleep, in dreams so deep  
There's a secret he must hide.For he keeps the beat of marching feet  
He keeps the beat so true  
He wants to sing and hopes to bring  
Happy Christmas day to you.He keeps the beat of marching feet  
He keeps the beat inside  
Someone has come to mend his drum  
Now his heart lights up with pride.So, he keeps the beat of marching feet  
He keeps the beat so true  
When morning comes  
He plays his drum.Happy Christmas day to you!  
Happy Christmas day to you!  
Happy Christmas day to you! Holidays are here again!  
Holidays are here again!  
Holidays are here again!  
Holidays are here again!

Hark how the bells  
Sweet silver bells 
All seem to say 
"Throw cares away" 
Christmas is here  
Bringing good cheer 
To young and old 
Meek and the bold.Ding-dong, ding-dong 
That is their song 
With joyful ring  
All caroling 
One seems to hear 
Words of good cheer 
From everywhere  
Filling the air.

Well, the reindeers pull the sleigh 
And the elves make the toys 
Those are the stories that are well known  
To all little girls and boys. But I've got another story 
That I bet you haven't heard 
Did you know that Santa 
Has a secret agent bird? He's Penguin, James Penguin 
That dapper little guy 
Like a well dressed duck in a three piece tux 
He's Santa's secret spy.Have you ever wondered 
How Santa Clause keeps tabs? 
How he knows when you've been good 
How he knows when you've been bad? He's Penguin, James Penguin 
That dapper little guy 
Like a well dressed duck in a three piece tux 
He's Santa's secret spy.From an undisclosed location 
He's watching me and you 
He's got satellite up links in his cuff links 
Yeah, he sees everything you do. He's Penguin, James Penguin 
That dapper little guy 
Like a well dressed duck in a three piece tux 
He's Santa's secret spy.Not so very long ago 
Santa didn't need much help 
But with more and more kids every year 
He soon got overwhelmed. 
He told the elves one Christmas 
"We can't do this anymore" 
Then a knight in shining polyester 
Waddled through his door. And it was Penguin, James Penguin 
He was there to save the day 
He had wireless 
And GPS outfitted on the sleigh. And Santa said, "Penguin 
Won't you be my ears and eyes? 
How'd you like to help me run 
My SCFBI. He's Penguin, James Penguin 
And now I guess you've heard 
How Santa got his little Christmas 
Secret Agent Bird. 

Pine cones and holly berries  
Popcorn for you, apples for me 
Red striped candy, nut cracker handy 
Kettle a-bubbling hot as can be. 
Snow clouds hang low and threatening 
Maybe it won't, praying it may 
The brightest fireplace glows in every face 
Waiting for Christmas day.There'll be walk-a-round songs  
And talk-a-round songs 
Songs of the inn and stable 
There'll be morning time songs  
And evening time songs 
And grace at every table 
And jingle bells will jingle all the way all day.It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Everywhere you go 
There's a tree in the Grand Hotel 
One in the park as well 
The sturdy kind that doesn't mind the snow. 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Soon the bells will start 
And the thing that will make them ring 
Is the carol that you sing 
Right within your heart.
Please Daddy, don't get drunk this Christmas  
I don't wanna see my Mamma cry  
Please Daddy, don't get drunk this Christmas  
I don't wanna see my Mamma cry.Just last year, when I was only seven  
And now I'm almost eight as you can see  
You came home at a quarter past eleven  
Fell down underneath our Christmas tree.Please Daddy, don't get drunk this Christmas  
I don't wanna see my Mamma cry  
Please Daddy, don't get drunk this Christmas  
I don't wanna see my Mamma cry.Mamma smiled and looked outside the window  
She told me "Son, you better go upstairs"  
Then you laughed and hollered "Merry Christmas"  
I turned around and saw my Mamma's tears.Please Daddy, don't get drunk this Christmas  
I don't wanna see my Mamma cry  
Please Daddy, don't get drunk this Christmas  
I don't wanna see my Mamma cry  
No, I don't wanna see my Mamma cry!

Feel the cold wind blowing, winter's coming on  
'Tis the season, so they say  
If you need help believing 'cause your spirit ain't too strong  
Hold my hand, we'll push that cloud away.Put a little holiday in your heart  
It'll put a little shuffle in your step  
Give you a song, that you can sing  
With a melody you can't forget  
And if you wanna join in a little harmony  
To keep the world from tearin' apart  
Well, you know where to look  
Yeah, you gotta put a little holiday in your heart.There's a man on the corner  
Who doesn't have a name  
People pass and turn their heads away;  
But to share a simple kindness  
Would set their heart aflame  
And you'll get more than you'll ever give away. Put a little holiday in your heart  
It'll put a little shuffle in your step  
Give you a song that you can sing  
With a melody you can't forget  
And if you wanna join in a little harmony  
To keep the world from tearin' apart  
Well, you know where to look  
Yeah, you gotta put a little holiday in your heart.It starts with you, it starts with me  
This ain't no stranger, he's family  
And it don't matter if we don't agree  
It all comes down to love.Put a little holiday in your heart  
It'll put a little shuffle in your step  
Give you a song that you can sing  
With a melody you can't forget  
And if you wanna join in a little harmony  
To keep the world from tearin' apart  
Well, you know where to look  
Yeah, you gotta put a little holiday in your heart.
Santa had a cup of coffee 
And he ate a little snack 
Threw his old pack right over his back 
Opened the windows of his little shack 
And shouted "Oh Dasher and Dancer 
Vixen and Blitzen, come on here 
We're gonna get a-goin' and spread some cheer 
So limber your legs and sharpen your hooves 
'Cause tonight is the night  
We're gonna jump on the roof. Well, the reindeer they were so proud and grand  
To take another trip all over the land  
They jumped right into their proper place  
To get hepped up for that midnight race.Ol' Santa he shook off the ice and snow  
Boarded his sleigh and then yelled "Let's go"   
All the little toys were happy too 
Because they were so bright and new 
A little piano then started to play 
Santa began to swing and sway  
Thought he heard a toy drum startin' to beat 
But he found it was the rhythm of the reindeers' feet. The reindeer boogied in the middle of the road  
Tonight we have a mighty big load 
Don't boogie to the left, now boogie to the right 
Do the reindeer boogie this Christmas Eve night. The reindeer boogied in the middle of the road 
Tonight we have a mighty big load  
Don't boogie to the left, now boogie to the right  
Do the reindeer boogie this Christmas Eve night.

It's coming on Christmas  
They're cutting down trees   
They're putting up reindeer   
And singing songs of joy and peace   
Oh I wish I had a river   
I could skate away on. But it don't snow here   
It stays pretty green   
I'm going to make a lot of money   
Then I'm going to quit this crazy scene   
Oh I wish I had a river   
I could skate away on. I wish I had a river so long   
I would teach my feet to fly   
I wish I had a river   
I could skate away on   
I made my baby cry. He tried hard to help me   
You know, he put me at ease   
And he loved me so naughty   
Made me weak in the knees   
Oh, I wish I had a river   
I could skate away on. I'm so hard to handle   
I'm selfish and I'm sad   
Now I've gone and lost the best baby   
That I ever had   
I wish I had a river   
I could skate away on. Oh, I wish I had a river so long   
I would teach my feet to fly   
I wish I had a river   
I could skate away on   
I made my baby say goodbye. It's coming on Christmas   
They're cutting down trees   
They're putting up reindeer   
And singing songs of joy and peace   
I wish I had a river  
I could skate away on.

I wrote a letter to my Santa last night 
Yeah, I told him what I want to make my Christmas right 
And if I don't get it, I'm gonna be blue 
I wanna rockin' little Christmas with you. I don't want no tinker toys 
Don't wanna waste my time drinkin' with the boys 
There's only one thing that I wanna do 
I wanna rockin' little Christmas with you. I want a rockin' little Christmas 
Rockin' little Christmas with you 
And if I get my wishes, it's gonna be delicious 
A stockin' full of love for two. Well, I've been a good boy all year 
And I deserve a little Christmas cheer 
I want your arms around me, the whole night through 
I wanna rockin' little Christmas with you. So baby, tell me, what's it gonna be? 
Where you gonna spend your Christmas Eve? 
And will I be merry or will I be blue? 
I wanna rockin' little Christmas with you.I want a rockin' little Christmas 
Rockin' little Christmas with you 
And if I get my wishes, gonna be delicious 
A stockin' full of love for two.Well, baby, what's it gonna be? 
And where you gonna spend your Christmas Eve? 
And will I be merry or will I be blue? 
I wanna rockin' little Christmas with you.I want a rockin' little Christmas 
Rockin' little Christmas 
Rockin' little Christmas with you.

Out of all the reindeer you know you're the mastermind  
Run, run Rudolph, Randalph's ain't too far behind.Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town   
Santa make him hurry, he can take the freeway down   
Run, run Rudolph a whizzing like a merry-go-round.  
Said Santa to a boy child, "What have you been longing for?"    
"All I want for Christmas is a Rock and Roll electric guitar"    
And away went Rudolph a whizzing like a shooting star.
Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town    
Santa make him hurry, tell him he can take the freeway down   
Run, run Rudolph a whizzing like a merry-go-round.
Said Santa to a girl child, "What will please you most to get?" 
"A little baby doll that can cry, sleep, drink and wet"   
And away went Rudolph a whizzing like a Saber jet.
Run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph yeah     
Run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph   
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town    
Santa make him hurry, he can take the freeway down    
Run, run Rudolph a whizzing like a merry-go-round.
Run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph yeah   
Run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph   
Santa Claus is coming to town.

Well, son tomorrow it's Christmas 
Yeah, daddy it's such a thrill  
I'll suppose we'll be watching TV  
Yeah, and have a burger meal  
'Cause mommy she left us  
She took the keys to the automobile  
She took the credit cards and the furs  
And now we can't afford a tree .I said sonny, it's a sad sad Christmas  
Oh boy, it's a sad sad Christmas  
Oh no, 'cause daddy, I love you anyway  
And I don't care if she has gone away  
And I love you twice as much on Christmas day  
Yeah, daddy, I love you any way.Well, now we can't afford to celebrate the Lord  
Daddy, what a Lord? He made mother take the Ford 
Met my old lover in the grocery store 
The snow was falling Christmas Eve 
I stole behind her in the frozen foods 
And I touched her on the sleeve.She didn't recognize the face at first 
But then her eyes flew open wide 
She went to hug me and she spilled her purse 
And we laughed until we cried.We took her groceries to the checkout stand 
The food was totaled up and bagged 
We stood there lost in our embarrassment 
As the conversation dragged.We went to have ourselves a drink or two 
But couldn't find an open bar 
We bought a six-pack at the liquor store 
And we drank it in her car.We drank a toast to innocence 
We drank a toast to now 
And tried to reach beyond the emptiness 
But neither one knew how.She said she'd married her an architect 
Who kept her warm and safe and dry 
She would have liked to say she loved the man 
But she didn't like to lie. I said the years had been a friend to her 
And her eyes were still as blue 
But in those eyes I wasn't sure if I saw 
Doubt or gratitude.She said she saw me in the record stores 
And that I must be doing well 
I said the audience was heavenly 
But the traveling was hell.We drank a toast to innocence 
We drank a toast to now 
And tried to reach beyond the emptiness 
But neither one knew how.We drank a toast to innocence 
We drank a toast to time 
Reliving in our eloquence 
Another 'auld lang syne'.The beer was empty and our tongues were tired 
And running out of things to say 
She gave a kiss to me as I got out 
And I watched her drive away.Just for a moment I was back at school 
And felt that old familiar pain 
And as I turned to make my way back home 
The snow turned into rain.

Santa, bring my baby back to me 
Santa, bring my baby back to me. I don't need a lot of presents
Ooh yeah yeah 
Last night I took a walk in the snow 
Couples holding hands, places to go 
Seems like everyone but me is in love 
Santa, can you hear me? I sent my letter that I sealed with a kiss 
I send it off and just said this 
I know exactly what I want this year 
Santa, can you hear me? I want my baby, baby 
I want someone to love me 
Someone to hold 
Maybe, maybe 
Be all my own in a big red bow Santa, can you hear me? 
I have been so good this year 
And all I want is one thing 
Tell me, my true love is here 
He's all I want  
Just for me  u
Underneath my Christmas tree 
I'll be waiting here 
Santa that's my only wish this year. Christmas Eve, I just can't sleep 
Will I be wrong just taking a peek? 
Cause that I heard that you're coming to town 
Santa, can you hear me?I really hope you're on your way 
With something special for me in your sleigh 
Ooh please make my wish come true 
Santa, can you hear me?I want my baby, baby 
I want someone to love me  
Someone to hold 
Maybe, maybe 
We'll be all alone  
Under the mistletoe.Santa, can you hear me? 
I have been so good this year 
And all I want is one thing 
Tell me, my true love is here 
He's all I want  
Just for me 
Underneath my Christmas tree 
I'll be waiting here 
Santa that's only wish this year.I hope my letter reaches you in time 
Ooh yeah 
Bring me a love  
That I can call all mine 
Ooh  
Cause I have been so good this year 
Can't be alone under the mistletoe  
He's all I want  
In a big red bow. Santa, can you hear me? 
I have been so good this year 
And all I want is one thing 
Tell me, my true love is here 
He's all I want  
Just for me 
Underneath my Christmas tree 
I'll be waiting here 
Santa that's only wish this year.Ooh Santa 
Can you hear me? 
Ooh Santa 
Well, he's all I want  
Just for me 
Underneath my Christmas tree 
I'll be waiting here 
Ooh yeah 
Santa, that's my only wish this year 
Santa, that's my only wish this year.
Cold tears fall from his eyes 
As he turns into the night and walks away 
Lucille runs outside    
Just to see if there might be a sleigh 
Little Bobby stares down 
At the plate where cookies still lay 
And tries to understand  
Why momma said 
"Santa can't stay". Chorus: 
Momma said Santa can't stay 
Said she told him that twice yesterday 
Then a car just like Dad's  
Pulled out and drove away  
After momma said 
"Santa can't stay".  They both heard him coming  
Saw Mom run down the hall and holler, "wait! 
Doug, you're drunk!  
Don't come inside 
I'm not joking 
I've had all this I can take".  
He threw a present really hard  
That almost hit Mom's new boyfriend Ray 
And yelled "ho-ho, lucky for you she's here" 
And said that 
"Santa can't stay".  Chorus: 
Momma said "Santa can't stay" 
Said she told him that twice yesterday 
Then a car just like Dad's  
Pulled out and drove away  
After momma said 
"Santa can't stay". 
You always come around this time of year 
With your big ol' bag that's full of Christmas cheer 
And when it starts to snow 
The little boys and girls all know 
Soon they'll hear the sounds of your reindeer.

I remember last Christmas eve  
Something happened   
That I couldn't believe   
I went for a walk   
As the snow came down   
And when it stopped  
I was in a different town  
And the sign said,   
"Have no fear;   
You're not lost,   
You're here!"Walkin' this Christmas   
Down Santa Claus lane   
No need to wonder   
No need to explain   
Just have some faith   
In what you see   
You're right here   
Where you wanna be   
Walkin' this Christmas   
Down Santa Claus lane   
Down Santa Claus lane.Elves were standing in the street   
Snow men and reindeer came out to greet   
Silver bells chimed from far away   
As Santa rode by on an open sleigh  
And he told me,   
"Have no fear   
You're not lost   
You're here!"  Walkin' this Christmas   
Down Santa Claus lane   
No need to wonder   
No need to explain   
Just have some faith   
In what you see   
You're right here   
Where you wanna be   
Walkin' this Christmas   
Down Santa Claus lane   
Down Santa Claus lane.I don't know how   
I don't know when    
But one day   
I'll be back again. And he told me,  
"Have no fear   
You're not lost  
You're here." Walkin' this Christmas   
Down Santa Claus lane   
No need to wonder   
No need to explain   
Just have some faith   
In what you see   
You're right here   
Where you wanna be   
Walkin' this Christmas   
Down Santa Claus lane. 
I was downtown Christmas shopping  
Such a busy city street   
I don't know how I noticed the piece of paper at my feet  
But somethin' made me pick it up, instead of goin' on my way  
I stopped and froze right in my tracks  
As I read what it had to say:

"Oh Santa, if you can't find me  
We're livin' out here on the street  
But I'll be watchin' for you   
You're not gonna forget me, are you?  
Daddy says he knows you'll try  
But we might be too hard to find this year  
Oh Santa, I'm right here". 
It said, "We don't have our house no more  
I wish we could go home  
Mama says we will some day and she prays it won't be long   
But they closed daddy's factory and took most of our things  
Now Santa, I don't need to much, so this year could you bring  
Bring my mom a coat that's warm   
Cause the one she's got is awful torn   
Maybe dad could help you work, makin' toys for boys and girls".
"Oh Santa, if you can't find me  
We're livin' out here on the street  
But I'll be watchin' for you   
You're not gonna forget me, are you?  
Daddy says he knows you'll try  
But we might be too hard to find this year  
Oh Santa, I'm right here". 
"I'm right here   
I'm right here".

Well, Santa looked like daddy 
Or daddy looked like him 
It's not the way I had him pictured 
Santa was a' much too thin.He didn't come down the chimney 
So momma must have let him in 
Santa looked a lot like daddy 
Or daddy looked a lot like him.Well, they thought I was fast a' sleepin', 
They thought that I was tucked in bed 
They never thought I'd come a' peepin' 
Or that I'd hear what was said.Santa put his arm around momma 
And momma put her arm around him 
So if Santa Claus ain't daddy 
Then I'm a gonna tell on them.Santa looked like daddy 
Or daddy looked like him 
It's not the way I had him pictured 
Santa was a' much too thin.He didn't come down the chimney 
So momma must have let him in 
Santa looked a lot like daddy 
Or daddy looked a lot like him.I never saw Dancer or Prancer 
I never heard the sleigh bells ring 
I never saw the red nosed reindeer 
Like they show on the TV screen.But he sure brought lots of presents 
So Santa Claus, he must have been 
Well, he sure looked a lot like daddy 
Or daddy looked a lot like him.Santa looked like daddy 
Or daddy looked like him 
It's not the way I had him pictured 
Santa was a' much too thin.He didn't come down the chimney 
So momma must have let him in 
Santa looked a lot like daddy 
Or daddy looked a lot like him.Santa looked like daddy 
Or daddy looked like him 
It's not the way I had him pictured 
Santa was a' much too thin.He didn't come down the chimney 
So momma must have let him in 
Santa looked a lot like daddy 
Or daddy looked a lot like him.
It's Christmas day 
I'm alone again 
She's with him now  
I'm with my loneliness. 
She ran away 
Four months ago 
Left in his sleigh  
For the north pole 
Please come back home  
And leave that fat man alone. Santa, you bitch 
Didn't get a damn thing  
From my Christmas list 
All I got was this broken heart  
And that's it.  
Santa, you bitch 
Oh, there's only one thing that I truly wish 
I wish my old girl  
Would've never kissed Saint Nick 
Would've never kissed Saint Nick. 
"I wanna meet Santa Claus   
The real real Santa  
I wanna meet Santa Claus   
The real real Santa  
I wanna see Santa Claus   
The real real Santa"  
He wants to meet ol' Santa Claus.I took my brother to the department store  
He wanted to show Santa his Christmas list  
He stood in line and he shook like a leaf  
He's only five and a half goin' on six.He said, "Is that really Santa Claus  
Really really Santa Claus?  
(That Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
Is that really Santa Claus  
Really really Santa?  
(That Santa)  
(I hope he doesn't pull Santa's beard) 
Is that really Santa Claus  
Really really Santa?"  
(That Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
Hope he thinks that's Santa Claus.I picked him up and put him on Santa's lap  
And then he pulled the pillow out of his shirt  
He yanked the beard right off of his chin  
And in his eyes I could see he was hurt.He said, "You're not really Santa Claus 
You're really not Santa Claus  
(Not Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
You're not really Santa Claus 
You're really not Santa  
(Not Santa)  
(He shouldn'ta pulled Santa's beard) 
You're not Santa Claus  
You're really not Santa"  
(Not Santa)  
(The real Santa)He's just helpin' Santa Claus  
He's just helpin' Santa Claus  
The real real Santa  
(Helpin' Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
He's helpin' Santa Claus   The real real Santa  
(Helpin' Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
He's just helpin' Santa Claus  
The real real Santa  
(Helpin' Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
He's just helpin' Santa Claus.He's just helpin' Santa Claus   
The real real Santa  
(Helpin' Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
He's just helpin' Santa Claus  
The real real Santa  
(Helpin' Santa)  
(He shouldn'ta pulled Santa's beard) 
He's just helpin' Santa Claus  
The real real Santa  
(Helpin' Santa)  
(The real Santa) 
He's just helpin' Santa Claus. 
Well, I've been sorta worried 
About Santa Claus this year 
Cause we live way down south 
And it didn't snow down here 
But, I'm telling you not to worry 
Cause I just got the word 
Everybody listen closely  
And I'll tell you what I heard.Santa's comin' in a pickup 
Instead of his trusty sleigh  
He'll have a truck instead of reindeer 
To carry him on his way 
Cause the weatherman had some problems 
He couldn't get snow you see 
Santa's gonna come in a pickup truck 
When he visits you and me.Santa can't bring his reindeer 
He'll leave them far away 
But don't you worry 'bout him 
He's gonna be here Christmas day 
He's got a big red pickup 
With four-wheel drive and all 
And there's gonna be a Merry Christmas 
A Merry Christmas for all.Santa's gonna come in a pick up truck 
When he visits you and me.

It was the night before Christmas 
Not a mouse was stirrin' 
Not a sound heard anywhere 
But the silence was broken  
When these words were spoken 
"Hey, get me outta here!"Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull!! 
Shove!!Santa's stuck up in the chimney 
In the chimney 
We gotta  
Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull! 
Shove!! 
There'll be no Christmas  
Till we set him free.That's when he started to diet 
Through the summer 
He stuck by it 
But his appetite 
Was fated to win 
Because his wife started bakin' 
And Christmas candy makin' 
Now look at the shape he's in.We gotta 
Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull! 
Shove!!Santa's stuck up in the chimney 
In the chimney 
We gotta  
Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull! 
Shove!! 
There'll be no Christmas  
Till we set him free.This's becomin' a disaster 
If we don't free faster 
Day will dawn 
And children everywhere will weep 
The house is full of neighbours tryin' 
Down to havin' children cryin' 
"Get him out of here 
So I can get some sleep!"We gotta 
Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull! 
Shove!!Santa's stuck up in the chimney 
In the chimney 
We gotta  
Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull! 
Shove!!Push!! 
Tug!! 
Pull! 
Shove!! 
There'll be no Christmas  
Till we set him free.Cos Santa's stuck up in the chimney!

Now we have been through the harvest 
Winter has truly begun 
Now we have walked in the chill of the night 
We are waiting for, waiting for 
For the Saviour's day.Many have come from the valleys 
Many have come from the hills 
Many have started their journey home 
To be with someone, with someone 
On the Saviour's day.Open your eyes on Saviour's day 
Don't look back or turn away 
Life can be yours if you'll only stay 
He is calling you, calling you 
On the Saviour's day.Joining the old and the young ones 
Joining the black and the white 
Meeting the need of the hungry is he 
We will ever remember him 
On the Saviour's day.Open your eyes on Saviour's day 
Don't look back or turn away 
Life can be yours if you'll only stay 
He is calling you, calling you 
On the Saviour's day. Here's to the God of the present 
Here's to the God of the past 
Here's to the hope in the future he brings 
We will sing to him, sing to him 
On the Savior's day.Open your eyes on Saviour's day 
Don't look back or turn away 
Life can be yours if you'll only stay 
He is calling you, calling you 
On the Saviour's day. On the Saviour's day 
On the Saviour's day 
He is calling you 
On the Saviour's day 
On the Saviour's day.

On this day 
Snowy day 
Let me thank you 
For the joy you're giving me 
I'm so happy 
I have snowflakes of love  
Smiling down on me.Winter bliss  
When we kiss 
Every wish my lips could see 
I'm so happy 
I have snowflakes of love  
Smiling down on me. Snowy day 
Would you please  
Take me away? 
Away with you 
Hold me so closely 
Like the moonlight lights the sky.In my dreams  
Soft winter breeze 
Eases my mind 
But when I wake 
There's nothing but leaves 
Still, I'm happy 
I have snowflakes of love  
Smiling down on me. Oh, how I imagine  
The day we met 
And those tingles  
From those little butterflies 
Reminiscing  
I get so happy 
I just break down and cry.Candlelight  
Burning bright 
Underneath a cool, starry night 
You and me 
Endlessly 
It's the greatest gift 
That love could give to me.On this day 
Snowy day 
Let me thank you 
For the joy you're giving me 
I'm so happy 
I have snowflakes of love  
Smiling down on me.
Are you hanging up a stocking on your wall? 
It's the time that every Santa has a ball 
Does he ride a red nosed reindeer? 
Does he turn up on his sleigh 
Do the fairies keep him sober for a day?Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Are you waiting for the family to arrive? 
Are you sure you got room to spare inside? 
Does your granny always tell you, that the old songs are the best? 
Then she's up and rock 'n' rollin' with the rest.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.What will your daddy do? 
When he sees your Mama kissin' Santa Claus? 
Ah ah!Are you hanging up a stocking on your wall? 
Are you hoping that the snow will start to fall? 
Do you ride on down the hillside in a buggy you have made? 
When you land upon your head then you've been sleighed.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.Chorus:  
So here it is, Merry Christmas 
Everybody's having fun 
Look to the future now 
It's only just begun.

Someday at Christmas, men won't be boys 
Playing with bombs, like kids play with toys;  
One warm December, our hearts will see  
A world where men are free. Someday at Christmas, there'll be no wars  
When we have learned what Christmas is for;  
When we have found what life's really worth  
There'll be peace on earth.Someday all our dreams will come to be  
Someday in a world where men are free;  
Maybe not in time for you and me  
But someday at Christmastime.Someday at Christmas, we'll see a man  
No hungry children, no empty hand;  
One happy morning people will share  
Our world, where people care.Someday at Christmas, there'll be no tears  
All men are equal and no men have fears;  
One shinning moment my heart ran away  
From our world today.Someday all our dreams will come to be  
Someday in a world where men are free  
Maybe not in time for you and me  
But someday at Christmastime Someday at Christmas, man will not fail  
Take hope, because your love will prevail  
Someday a new world that we can start  
With hope in every heart.Someday all our dreams will come to be  
Someday in a world where men are free  
Maybe not in time for you and me  
But someday at Christmastime 
Someday at Christmastime.

Welcome to my Christmas song 
I'd like to thank you for the year  
So I'm sending you this Christmas card  
To say it's nice to have you here  
I'd like to sing about all the things  
Your eyes and mind can see  
So hop aboard the turntable  
Oh, step into Christmas with me.Step into Christmas  
Let's join together  
We can watch the snow fall  
Forever and ever  
Eat, drink and be merry  
Come along with me  
Step into Christmas  
The admission's free.Take care in all you do next year  
And keep smiling through the days  
If we can help to entertain you  
Oh, we will find the ways  
So merry Christmas one and all  
There's no place I'd rather be  
Than asking you if you'd oblige  
Stepping into Christmas with me.

Hey! Mr.Churchill comes over here 
To say we're doing splendidly 
But it's very cold out here in the snow 
Marching to win from the enemy.Oh, I say it's tough 
I have had enough 
Can you stop the cavalry?I have had to fight 
Almost every night 
Down throughout these centuries 
That is when I say 
Oh yes, yet again 
Can you stop the cavalry?Mary Bradley waits at home 
In the nuclear fall-out zone 
Wish I could be dancing now 
In the arms of the girl I love.Chorus: 
Dub a dub a dum dum 
Dub a dub a dum 
Dub a dum dum dub a dub 
Dub a dub a dum 
Dub a dub a dum dum 
Dub a dub a dum 
Dub a dum dum dub a dub 
Dub a dub a dum 
Wish I was at home for Christmas.Bang! That's another bomb 
On another town 
While the Czar and Jim have tea 
If I get home alive to tell the tale 
I'll run for all presidencies 
If I get elected I'll stop  
I will stop the cavalry.Chorus: 
Dub a dub a dum dum 
Dub a dub a dum 
Dub a dum dum dub a dub 
Dub a dub a dum 
Dub a dub a dum dum 
Dub a dub a dum 
Dub a dum dum dub a dub 
Dub a dub a dum 
Wish I was at home for Christmas.Wish I could be dancing now 
In the arms of the girl I love 
Mary Bradley waits at home 
She has been waiting two years long 
Wish I was at home for Christmas.

I'm sure he must have been surprised 
At where this road had taken him  
Cause never in a million lives 
Would he have dreamed of Bethlehem. And standing at the manger 
He saw with his own eyes  
The message from the angel come to life 
And Joseph said:"Why me, I'm just a simple man of trade? 
Why Him with all the rulers in the world?  
Why here, inside this stable filled with hay?  
Why her, she's just an ordinary girl?  
Now I'm not one to second guess  
What angels have to say  
But this is such a strange way  
To save the world." To think of how it could have been 
If Jesus had come as He deserved  
There would have been no Bethlehem  
No lowly shepherds at His birth. But Joseph knew the reason  
Love had to reach so far  
And as he held the Savior in his arms 
He must have thought: "Why me, I'm just a simple man of trade? 
Why Him with all the rulers in the world?  
Why here, inside this stable filled with hay?  
Why her, shes just an ordinary girl?  
Now I'm not one to second guess  
What angels have to say  
But this is such a strange way  
To save the world." Such a strange way, this is 
Such a strange way  
A strange way to save the world   
A strange way to save the world.

Come on weather man  
Give us a forecast snowy white  
Can't you hear the prayers  
Of every childlike heart tonight? 
Rockies are callin', Denver snow fallin' 
Somebody said it's four feet deep  
But it doesn't matter 
Give me the laughter  
I'm gonna choose to keep:Another tender Tennessee Christmas   
The only Christmas for me  
Where the love circles around us  
Like the gifts around our tree 
Well, I know there's more snow  
Up in Colorado 
Than my roof will ever see 
But a tender Tennessee Christmas 
Is the only Christmas for me.Every now and then I get a wanderin' urge to see 
Maybe California, maybe Tinsel Town's for me 
There's a parade there, we'd have it made there 
Bring home a tan for new year's eve 
Sure sounds exciting, awfully inviting   
Still I think I'm gonna keep:Another tender Tennessee Christmas   
The only Christmas for me 
Where the love circles around us  
Like the gifts around our tree 
Well they say in L.A. it's a warm holiday  
It's the only place to be 
A tender Tennessee Christmas   
Is the only Christmas for me.Well, I know there's more snow  
Up in Colorado   
Than my roof will ever see 
But a tender Tennessee Christmas  
Is the only Christmas for me 
A tender Tennessee Christmas 
Is the only Christmas for me.

Oh my love, we've had our share of tears 
Oh my friend, we've had our hopes and fears 
Oh my friends, it's been a long hard year 
But now, it's Christmas 
Yes, it's Christmas 
Thank God it's Christmas!The moon and stars seem awful cold and bright 
Let's hope the snow will make this Christmas right 
My friend, the world will share this special night 
Because it's Christmas 
Yes, it's Christmas 
Thank God it's Christmas 
For one night.Thank God it's Christmas 
Yeah! 
Thank God it's Christmas 
Thank God it's Christmas 
Can it be Christmas? 
Let it be Christmas 
Every day.Oh my love, we've lived in troubled days 
Oh my friend, we have the strangest ways 
All my friends, on this one day of days 
Thank God it's Christmas 
Yes, it's Christmas 
Thank God it's Christmas 
For one day.Thank God it's Christmas 
Yes, it's Christmas 
Thank God it's Christmas 
Oooh yeah! 
Thank God it's Christmas 
Yes, yes, yes, yes it's Christmas 
Thank God it's Christmas 
For one day.A very merry Christmas to you all!
Christmas morning 
So much fun! 
Down the stairs  
The children run. Someone has eaten the cookies 
And look what's left under the tree 
There's presents for you and for me 
As far as the eye can see.What's on the rooftop?  
I wondered what that was  
Its reindeer flying 
Around the world 
Because Santa's coming 
I think we all should pause to say  
That we're grateful 
For everything he does!Thank you Santa Claus 
Thank you Santa Claus.A song for all the things you do 
Santa Claus we're thankin' you 
A song for all the things you do 
Santa Claus we're thankin' you 
A song for all the things you do 
(Joy to the world) 
Santa Claus we're thankin' you  
(Reindeer flyin') 
A song for all the things you do 
(Joy to the world) 
Santa Claus we're thankin' you  
(Reindeer flyin') 
Thank you Santa Claus!

Christmas is the time of year 
For being with the ones we love 
Sharing so much joy and cheer 
What a wonderful feelin' 
Watching the ones we love 
Having so much fun.I was sittin' by the fire side 
Taking a walk through the snow 
Listening to a children's choir 
Singing songs about Jesus 
The blessed way that He came to us 
Why can't it remain 
All through the year? 
Each day the same 
That's what I wanna hear 
He he  
It's truly amazin' 
That spirit of Christmas.All the kin folk gather round 
The lovely Christmas tree 
Hearts are glowing full of joy 
Sense the gifts that we're giving 
And the love that we're living 
Why can't it remain? 
Why can't it remain? 
Oh all through the year 

Each day the same 
Each day the same 
That's what I wanna hear 
I'll tell ya 
It's truly amazin' 
That spirit of Christmas.Let me hear ya 
Why can't it remain? 
Why can't it remain? 
All through the year 
All through the year 
Each day the same  
Each day the same 
That's what I wanna hear 
Listen to me 
It's truly amazin' 
That spirit of Christmas 
Oh, it's truly amazin' 
That spirit of Christmas 
Ain't it so? 
It's truly amazin' 
Yeah, that spirit of Christmas 
Oh Christmas 
Oh Christmas!
Slide on over, baby 
Underneath this mistletoe 
Here's a toast to us together 
Let me wrap you in this bow 
I'm in the Christmas spirit 
No, this one won't be blue 
It's gonna be the best one ever 
And it's all because of you, baby.You're the angel at the top of my tree 
The best present anybody ever gave to me 
I've got it decorated, all lit up, gifts underneath 
You're the angel at the top of my tree.Let's put on that old movie  
'It's a Wonderful Night' 
'Cause curled up by the fire 
It sure rings true tonight 
Let's make a little candy 
Then a little later on  
We'll make a little love 
To that old Bing Crosby song, baby.You're the angel at the top of my tree 
The best present anybody ever gave to me 
I've got it decorated, all lit up, gifts underneath 
You're the angel at the top of my tree.You're the angel at the top of my tree 
The best present anybody ever gave to me 
I've got it decorated, all lit up, gifts underneath 
You're the angel at the top of my tree.Baby, you're the angel!

They came from near,they came from far 
Following a distant star to where He lay  
Not being sure of what it mean   
But knowing it was heaven sent 
They made their way. And the creatures gathered 'round  
And didn't make a sound  
And the angels cried.The angels knew what was to come  
The reason God had sent His son  
From up above  
It filled their hearts with joy to see   
And knowing of His destiny  
Came tears of love.And the creatures gathered 'round  
And didn't make a sound  
And the angels cried.I've often thought about that night  
And wondered if they realized  
That star so bright  
Was sent to tell all the land  
The Son of God would soon become  
The Son of man.And the creatures gathered 'round  
And didn't make a sound  
And the angels cried.And the angels cried  
And the angels cried.
The jingle bells are jingling 
The streets are white with snow 
The happy crowds are mingling 
But there's no one that I know. I'm sure that you'll forgive me 
If I don't enthuse 
I guess I've got the Christmas blues.I've done my window shopping 
There's not a store I've missed 
But what's the use of stopping 
When there's no one on your list? 
You'll know the way I'm feeling 
When you love and you lose 
I guess I've got the Christmas blues.When somebody wants you 
Somebody needs you 
Christmas is a joy of joy; 
But friends, when you're lonely 
You'll find, that it's only 
A thing for little girls and little boys.May all your days be merry 
Your seasons full of cheer 
But 'till it's January 
I'll just go and disappear 
Oh, Santa may have brought you  
Some stars for your shoes 
But Santa only brought me the blues 
Those brightly packaged  Tinsel covered Christmas blues. Oh, Santa may have brought you  
Some stars for your shoes 
But Santa only brought me the blues 
Those brightly packaged  Tinsel covered Christmas blues.
It happened one day near December's end 
Two neighbors called on an old-time friend 
And they found his shop so meager and mean 
Made gay with a thousand boughs of green.And Conrad was sitting with face a-shine 
When he suddenly stopped as he stitched a twine 
And he said, "Old friends, at dawn today 
When the cock was crowing the night away 
The Lord appeared in a dream to me 
And said, 'I am coming your guest to be.'"So I've been busy with feet astir 
Strewing my shop with branches of fir 
The table is spread and the kettle is shined 
And over the rafters the holly is twined.""And now I will wait for my Lord to appear 
And listen closely so I will hear 
His step as He nears my humble place 
And I open the door and look on His face."So his friends went home and left Conrad alone 
For this was the happiest day he had known 
For, long since, his family had passed away 
And Conrad had spent many a sad Christmas day.But he knew with the Lord as his Christmas guest 
This Christmas would be the dearest and best 
So he listened with only joy in his heart 
And with every sound he would rise with a start 
And look for the Lord to be at his door 
Like the vision he had a few hours before.So, he ran to the window after hearing a sound 
But all that he could see on the snow-covered ground 
Was a shabby beggar whose shoes were torn 
And all of his clothes were ragged and worn.But Conrad was touched and went to the door 
And he said, "Your feet must be frozen and sore 
I have some shoes in my shop for you 
And a coat that will keep you warmer, too."So with grateful heart the man went away 
But Conrad noticed the time of day 
He wondered what made the Lord so late 
And how much longer he'd have to wait.When he heard a knock and ran to the door 
But it was only a stranger once more 
A bent, old lady with a shawl of black 
With a bundle of kindling piled on her back.She asked for only a place to rest 
But that was reserved for Conrad's Great Guest 
But her voice seemed to plead, "Don't send me away 
Let me rest for awhile on Christmas day."So Conrad brewed her a steaming cup 
And told her to sit at the table and sup 
But after she left he was filled with dismay 
For he saw that the hours were slipping away 
And the Lord had not come as He said He would 
And Conrad felt sure he had misunderstood.When out of the stillness he heard a cry 
"Please help me and tell me where am I." 
So again he opened his friendly door 
And stood disappointed as twice before 
It was only a child who had wandered away 
And was lost from her family on Christmas Day.Again Conrad's heart was heavy and sad 
But he knew he should make the little girl glad 
So he called her in and wiped her tears 
And quieted all her childish fears.Then he led her back to her home once more 
But as he entered his own darkened door 
He knew that the Lord was not coming today 
For the hours of Christmas had passed away.So he went to his room and knelt down to pray 
And he said, "Dear Lord, why did you delay 
What kept You from coming to call on me? 
For I wanted so much Your face to see."When soft in the silence a voice he heard 
"Lift up your head for I kept My word 
Three times My shadow crossed your floor 
Three times I came to your lowly door.For I was the beggar with bruised, cold feet 
I was the woman you gave something to eat 
And I was the child on the homeless street.Three times I knocked and three times I came in 
And each time I found the warmth of a friend 
Of all the gifts, love is the best 
I was honored to be your Christmas Guest."

It's Christmas and we walk alone 
Two strangers  
With no one to miss us 
On our own 
Out in the cold. Trudging onward 
Braving a harsh winter storm 
You and I met passing by 
And now our spirits feel warm. 

A poor orphan girl named Maria 
Was walking to market one day 
She stopped for to rest by the road side 
Where a bird with a broken wing lay.A few moments passed till she saw it 
For it's feathers were covered with sand 
And soon clean and wrapped it was traveling 
In the warmth of Maria's small hand.She happily gave her last peso 
On a cage made of freshes and twine 
She fed it loose corn from the market 
Watched it grow stronger with time.Now the gift giving service was coming 
And the church armed with tinsel and light 
And all of the town folk brought presents 
To lay by the manger that night.There were diamonds, incense and perfumes 
And packages fit for a king 
But for one ragged bird in his small cage 
Maria had nothing to bring.She waited till just before midnight 
So no one would see her go in 
And crying she knelt by the manger 
For her gift was unworthy of him.Then a voice spoke to her through the darkness 
"Maria, what brings you to me? 
If the bird in the cage is your offering 
Open the door, let me see."So she trembled, she did as He asked her 
And out of the cage the bird flew 
Soaring up into the rafters 
On a wing that had healed good as new.And just then the midnight bells rang out 
And the little bird started to sing 
A song that no words could recapture 
For its beauty was fit for a king.Now Maria felt blessed just to listen 
To the cascade of notes sweet and long 
As her offering was lifted to heaven 
By the very first nightingale's song.
Dawn is slowly breaking 
Our friends have all gone home 
You and I are waiting 
For Santa Claus to come.There's a present by the tree 
Stockings on the wall 
Knowing you're in love with me 
Is the greatest gift of all.The fire is slowly fading 
Chill is in the air 
All the gifts are waiting 
For children everywhere.Through the window I can see 
Snow begin to fall 
Knowing you're in love with me 
Is the greatest gift of all.Just before I go to sleep 
I hear a church bell ring 
Merry Christmas everyone 
Is the song it sings.So, I say a silent prayer 
For creatures great and small 
Peace on earth, goodwill to men 
Is the greatest gift of all.Peace on earth, goodwill to men 
Is the greatest gift of all.

He's the little boy 
That Santa Claus forgot 
And goodness knows  
He didn't want a lot.He sent a note to Santa 
For some soldiers and a drum 
It broke his little heart  
When he found Santa hadn't come.In the street, he envies all those lucky boys 
Then wanders home to last year's broken toys 
I'm so sorry for that laddie 
He hasn't got a daddy 
The little boy that Santa Claus forgot.Spoken: 
You know, Christmas comes but once a year for every girl and boy 
The laughter and the joy they find in each brand new toy 
I'll tell you of a little boy that lives across the way 
This little fella's Christmas is just another day 
He's the little boy that Santa Claus forgot 
And goodness knows, he didn't want a lot.In the street he envies all those lucky boys 
Then wanders home to last year's broken toys 
I'm so sorry for that laddie 
He hasn't got a daddy 
The little boy that Santa Claus forgot.

Let me tell you a tale that is often told  
In the great Celestial Hall  
All about an angel only four years old  
The littlest angel of all.How all day he would play with a little box  
That to others had no worth  
Oh, but there were treasures in this little box  
The treasures he brought from Earth.Just a butterfly with golden wings  
A little piece of a hollow log  
Two shiny stones from a river bank  
And the worn out strap of his faithful dog.Then the angels all heard that the Holy Child  
Would be born in Bethlehem  
And they all brought presents  
For the Holy child  
And each gift was a heavenly gem.Then the littlest angel put his little box  
With the presents fine and rare  
And the littlest angel sat alone and cried  
For his gift was so meager and bad.Just a butterfly with golden wings  
A little piece of a hollow log  
Two shiny stones from a river bank  
And the worn out strap of his faithful dog.But the Lord chose the gift of the little box  
That the child had blessed with love  
And it started glowing that very night  
It became the star up above.When you see that star as it shines on high  
In the great celestial hall  
You will know the proudest angel in the sky  
Is the littlest angel of all.With his butterfly with golden wings  
A little piece of a hollow log  
Two shiny stones from a river bank  
And the worn out strap of his faithful dog. 
Deck the halls with boughs of holly 
It's the season to be jolly 
And be thankful for all that we have 
All the lights and decorations 
Put up in the anticipation 
Of the joyful celebration 
That's on its way 
We're counting the days 
'Til it's time for Christmas day.Oh, and God bless us everyone 
The good and the bad 
The happy, the sad 
Oh, and God bless us everyone 
Here's to family and friends 
It's good to be here again.On the streets there're children laughing 
People smile as they are passing 
Christmas time is here, our waiting is done 
Wishing it could last forever 
Not just twelve days in December. 
Through the year let's try to remember 
That special way 
That everyone feels 
It's the magic of Christmas day.Oh, and God bless us everyone 
The good and the bad 
The happy; the sad 
Oh, and God bless us everyone 
Here's to family and friends 
It's good to be here again.So fill your heart with love and joy 
And through the eyes of girls and boys 
Share their wonder, live through their joy 
It's easy to do, just open your heart 
The spirit will come to you.Oh, and God bless us everyone 
The good and the bad 
The happy; the sad 
Oh, and God bless us everyone 
Here's to family and friends 
It's good to be here again.
He's the man with all the toys.Someone found a lighted house late one night  
And he saw through the window a sight  
A big man in a chair 
And little tiny men everywhere  
He's the man with all the toys.How thrilled that someone must have been  
And he must have been tempted to go in  
He stayed out in the cold  
And when he left them he told  
About the man with all the toys.He's the man with all the toys.The man with all the toys.  
He's the man with all the toys.

Down in the workshop all the elves were making toys 
For the good Gentile girls and the good Gentile boys 
When the boss busted in, nearly scared 'em half to death 
Had a rifle in his hands and cheap whiskey on his breath 
From his beard to his boots he was covered with ammo 
Like a big fat drunk disgruntled Yuletide Rambo 
And he smiled as he said with a twinkle in his eye 
"Merry Christmas to all - now you're all gonna die!"The night Santa went crazy 
The night Saint Nick went insane 
Realized he'd been getting a raw deal 
Somethin' finally must've snapped in his brain.Well, the workshop is gone now, he decided to bomb it 
Everywhere you'll find pieces of Cupid and Comet 
And he tied up his helpers, and he held the elves hostage 
And he ground up poor Rudolph into reindeer sausage 
He got Dancer and Prancer with an old German Luger 
And he slashed up Dasher just like Freddy Krueger 
And he picked up a flamethrower and he barbecued Blitzen 
And he took a big bite and said "It tastes just like chicken!"The night Santa went crazy 
The night Kris Kringle went nuts 
Now, ya can't hardly walk around the North Pole 
Without steppin' in reindeer guts.There's the National Guard and the FBI 
There's a van from the Eyewitness News 
And helicopters circlin' 'round in the sky 
And the bullets are flying, the body counts rising 
And everyone's dying to know -"Oh Santa, why? 
My, my, my, my, my, my - you used to be such a jolly guy".Yes Virginia, now Santa's doing time 
In a Federal prison for his infamous crime 
Hey little friend now, don't you cry no more tears 
He'll be out on good behavior in seven hundred more years.But now Vixen's in therapy and Donner's still nervous 
And the elves all got jobs working for the postal service 
And they say Mrs. Claus, she's on the phone every night 
With a lawyer negotiating the movie rights.They talk about 
The night Santa went crazy 
The night Saint Nicholas flipped 
Broke his back for some milk and cookies 
Sounds to me like he was tired of getting gypped.Woah, the night Santa went crazy 
The night Saint Nick went insane 
Realized he'd been gettin' the wrong deal 
Somethin' finally must've snapped in his brain 
Woah, somethin' finally must've snapped in his brain 
Tell ya, somethin' finally must've snapped  
In his brain.
All the streets are filled with laughter and light 
And the music of the season 
And the merchants' windows are all bright 
With the faces of the children 
And the families hurrying to their homes 
While the sky darkens and freezes 
Will be gathering around the hearths and tables 
Giving thanks for God's graces 
And the birth of the rebel Jesus. Well, they call him by 'the Prince of Peace' 
And they call him by 'the Savior' 
And they pray to him upon the seas 
And in every bold endeavor 
And they fill his churches with their pride and gold 
As their faith in him increases 
But they've turned the nature that I worship in 
From a temple to a robber's den 
In the words of the rebel Jesus.Well, we guard our world with locks and guns 
And we guard our fine possessions 
And once a year when Christmas comes 
We give to our relations 
And perhaps we give a little to the poor 
If the generosity should seize us 
But if any one of us should interfere 
In the business of why there are poor 
They get the same as the rebel Jesus.Now pardon me if I have seemed 
To take the tone of judgment 
For I've no wish to come between 
This day and your enjoyment 
In a life of hardship and of earthly toil 
There's a need for anything that frees us 
So I bid you pleasure 
And I bid you cheer 
From a heathen and a pagan 
On the side of the rebel Jesus.

Can you hear the sound of life 
Heard in the laughter of children at play? 
Can you hear the sound of voices sing 
Feel the magic and joy they bring? Can you hear the laughter?  
Can you hear the music? 
Sing with your heart 
It's the song of life. Can you hear it, can you feel it? 
It's the magic in your heart 
It's the music, the sound of life. Can you hear the Christmas bells ring 
And the sound of the carolers too? 
Can you hear the message far and near 
Merry Christmas, the Lord is here. Can you hear the laughter?  
Can you hear the music? 
Sing with your life 
It's the song of life. Can you hear it? 
Can you feel it? 
Sing the message loud and clear 
Merry Christmas, the Lord is here. Can you hear the laughter?  
Can you hear the music? 
Sing with your heart 
It's the song of life. Can you hear it?  
Can you feel it? 
It's the magic in your heart 
It's the music, the sound of life. Can you hear the message far and near 
Merry Christmas, the Lord is near. Can you hear the laughter?  
Can you hear the music? 
Sing with your heart 
It's the song of life.

Can you hear it?  
Can you feel it? 
It's the magic in your heart 
It's the music, the sound of life.

When tears are in your eyes 
It's time to look inside 
Your heart can find another way.Believe in what I say 
Don't throw this time away 
Tomorrow will be Christmas Day.Ahaaaaaaaa 
Ahaaaaaaaa 
Ahaaaaaaaa 
Christmas Day.So let the shadows go 
And drift away like snow 
Tomorrow will be Christmas Day 
Tomorrow will be Christmas Day.Ahaaaaaaaa 
Ahaaaaaaaa 
Ahaaaaaaaa 
Christmas Day.So dream until the night 
Becomes the morning light 
Tomorrow will be Christmas Day 
Tomorrow will be Christmas Day.

Across the plains one Christmas night 
Three drovers riding blithe and gay 
Looked up and saw a starry light 
More radiant than the Milky Way 
And on their hearts such wonder fell 
They sang with joy: 
"Noel! Noel! Noel! Noel! Noel!" The air was dry with summer heat 
And smoke was on the yellow moon 
But from the heavens, faint and sweet 
Came floating down a wondrous turn 
And as they heard, they sang full well 
Those drovers three: 
"Noel! Noel! Noel! Noel! Noel!"The black swans flew across the sky 
The wild dog called across the plain 
The starry lustre blazed on high 
Still echoed on the heavenly strain 
And still they sang, "Noel! Noel!" 
Those drovers three:  
"Noel! Noel! Noel! Noel! Noel!"

We're looking for the King 
The new Messiah 
We're following the star  
Shining brighter 
Old man, won't you help us 
If you can? He shook his head  
But he pointed his hand 

Well, He cried when He was hungry 
Did all the things that babies do; 
He rocked and He napped on His mother's lap 
And He wiggled and giggled and cooed. There were the cheers when He took His first step 
And the tears when He got His first teeth; 
Almost everything about this little Baby 
Seemed as natural as it could be.But this Baby made the angels sing 
And this Baby made a new star shine in the sky 
This Baby had come to change the world 
This Baby was God's own Son  
This Baby was like no other one 
This Baby was God with us  
This Baby was Jesus.And this Baby grew into a young Boy 
Who learned to read and write and wrestle with dad; 
There was the climbin' of trees and the scrapin' of knees 
And all the fun that a boy's born to have.He grew taller and some things started changing 
Like His complexion and the sound of His voice; 
There was work to be done as a carpenter's son 
And all the neighbors said He's such a fine boy.But this Boy made the angels sing 
And this Boy made a new star shine in the sky 
This Boy had come to change the world 
This Boy was God's own Son  
This Boy was like no other one 
This Boy was God with us  
This Boy became a man.And love made Him laugh and death made Him cry 
With the life that He lived and the death that He died 
He showed us heaven with His hands and His heart 
'Cause this man was God's own son. 
This Man was like no other one 
Holy and human right from the start.But this Baby made the angels sing 
And this Baby made a new star shine in the sky 
This Baby had come to change the world 
This Baby was God's own Son  
This Baby was like no other one 
This Baby was God with us  
This Baby was Jesus.This baby was God with us 
This baby, this baby was Jesus 
This baby was Jesus  
This Baby was Jesus.
On a beautiful day that I dream about  
In a world I would love to see  
Is a beautiful place where the sun comes out  
And it shines in the sky for me.On this beautiful Christmas morning  
If my wish could come true somehow  
Then the beautiful day that I dream about  
Would be here and now. On this beautiful Christmas morning  
If my wish could come true somehow  
Then the beautiful day that I dream about  
Would be here and now. 
Hang all the mistletoe  
I'm gonna get to know you better  
This Christmas. And as we trim the tree  
How much fun it's gonna be together  
This Christmas.Fireside blazing bright  
We're caroling through the night  
And this Christmas will be  
A very special Christmas for me.
Presents and cards are here  
My world is filled with cheer and you  
This Christmas. And as I look around  
Your eyes outshine the town, they do  
This Christmas.Fireside blazing bright  
We're caroling through the night  
And this Christmas will be  
A very special Christmas for me.Shake a hand, shake a hand now.Fireside blazing bright  
We're caroling through the night  
And this Christmas will be  
A very special Christmas for me.Hang all the mistletoe  
I'm gonna get to know you better  
This Christmas. And as we trim the tree  
How much fun it's gonna be together  
This Christmas.Fireside blazing bright  
We're caroling through the night  
And this Christmas will be  
A very special Christmas for me.Merry Christmas  
Shake a hand, shake a hand now  
Wish your brother Merry Christmas"  
All over the land.
The snow is falling, the city is white  
Your eyes are shining like diamonds tonight 
And we're all alone, there's no one home 
You're finally in my arms again.The night is silent, the moment is here  
I couldn't ask for more, than having you near  
'Cause I love you, girl, and I always will  
And now I know the moment is right  
The moment is right.Chorus:  
'Cause I've been waiting to give this gift tonight  
I'm down on my knees, there's no better time  
It's something to last for as long as you live  
Tonight, I'm gonna give you  
All my heart can give.I thought I'd give you something shiny and new  
I tried to find something worthy of you  
But I realized when I looked inside  
There's some things that money can't buy  
Oh, no.I feel the magic whenever you're near  
I feel it even on this time of the year  
'Cause I love you, girl, I always will  
And now I know the moment is right  
The moment is right.Chorus:  
'Cause I've been waiting to give this gift tonight  
I'm down on my knees, there's no better time  
It's something to last for as long as you live  
Tonight, I'm gonna give you  
All my heart can give.You know I'll always be true to you  
And you know I'm the one you can turn to  
Oh, yeah  
Anytime, anyplace, or anywhere  
You know that I'll always be there  
Oh, baby.Chorus:  
'Cause I've been waiting to give this gift tonight  
I'm down on my knees, there's no better time  
It's something to last for as long as you live  
Tonight, I'm gonna give you  
All my heart can give.Chorus:  
'Cause I've been waiting to give this gift tonight  
I'm down on my knees, there's no better time  
It's something to last for as long as you live  
Tonight, I'm gonna give you  
All my heart can give.
Don't be discouraged 
Don't be dismayed 
There's hope for all in this world 
Cause this is Christmas day 
Say a little prayer for the world. God, teach us love 
Though you think  
He doesn't hear 
I know He does. This is Christmas  
Let the world sing 
Let a soul began to heal 
Hallelujah  
This is Christmas  
And with love  
We can began today. Christmas bells ring  
People's heart sing  
And I forget 
About all the troubles  
I seem to have  
I tell myself to feel  
How my brother feels 
Try to love'em  
Then maybe I could understand. Make a little room in our hearts  
No heart's too small 
Can love each other today  
Cause after all: This is Christmas  
Let the world sing 
Let a soul began to heal 
Hallelujah  
This is Christmas  
And with love  
We can began today. Come come come  
See the Little One 
Come come come  
See the Little One 
Come, see the Baby 
Come, see the Baby. This is Christmas  
Let the world sing 
Let a soul began to heal 
Hallelujah  
This is Christmas  
And with love  
We can began today. This is Christmas  
Let the world sing 
Let a soul began to heal 
Hallelujah  
This is Christmas  
And with love  
We can began today. 
Do you find it hard to sleep tonight 
Resting by the Christmas lights?  
Could there be something you forgot? 
Beyond the bows, and mistletoe 
The tree with presents wrapped below 
There's more to this than you had ever thought  
Have we lost the reason that we celebrate each year? What is Christmas 
If there never was a Savior wrapped in a manger? 
What is Christmas without Christ? Remember how the story goes  
God's gift was wrapped in swaddling clothes 
Beneath the star, one great and holy night 
The shepherds heard the angels sing 
The wise man brought an offering 
Peace on Earth began in Bethlehem   
Have we lost the reason that we celebrate each year? 
What is Christmas   
If there never was a Savior wrapped in a manger? 
What is Christmas 
If the angels never sang "Glory to the new born king?" 
What is Christmas without Christ? 
There'd be no gloria  
In excelsis deo 
Gloria   
In excelsis deo. 
What is Christmas   
If there never was a Savior wrapped in a manger? 
What is Christmas without Christ? 
This is Christmas 
It's all about the Savior wrapped in a manger. 
This is Christmas 
Because of Jesus Christ!  
This is Christmas 
Because of Christ! 
Because of Christ!

Christmas is coming, I can tell by the smiles  
I remember the snowflakes that fell from the sky  
And covered the village that lay sleeping below  
Thank goodness, this season will never grow old.I look through my window well into the night  
Watching and waiting and hoping I might  
See one little reindeer fly through the snow  
Thank goodness, this season will never grow old.Christmas is coming, may joy fill your home  
And the spirit be with you wherever you go  
Christmas is coming, may joy fill your home  
And the spirit be with you wherever you go.Trees with full branches were the first ones to go  
I remember the children who came to the door  
And sang out the carols we all used to know  
Thank goodness, this season will never grow old.All round the fire, the warmth of the flame  
Tip-toeing softly trying not to awake  
The ones who lie waiting for good things you know  
Thank goodness, this season will never grow old.Christmas is coming, may joy fill your home  
And the spirit be with you wherever you go.
The city's full of manager scenes  
And stores lit up in red and green 
But down the road just out of town  
There's more magic to be found  
The countryside is all aglow  
With holly trees and mistletoe 
And in them woods there lives a bear  
Known to all as Thistlehair. Oh Thistlehair the Christmas bear  
Spreadin' the good news everywhere  
About Christmas time and what it means   
To all the children of the world  
Every little boy and girl out there   
Loves Thistlehair.He comes around this time of year  
Spreading lots of Christmas cheer  
The kids all love his shiny coat  
And the smell of honey on his nose  
He tells them all about the star  
And everything that it stands for  
The birthday we all celebrate  
Is still our favorite holiday. Oh Thistlehair the Christmas bear  
Spreadin' the good news everywhere  
About Christmas time and what it means   
To all the children of the world  
Every little boy and girl out there   
Loves Thistlehair.Wherever you find old Thistlehair  
There'll be music in the air 
He dances 'round the Christmas tree  
Every single Christmas Eve   
Then he and all his furry friends  
Gather 'round the fire again 
Singin' 'bout the Angels' wings  
And the gifts of love that Christmas brings.Oh Thistlehair the Christmas bear  
Spreadin' the good news everywhere  
About Christmas time and what it means   
To all the children of the world  
Every little boy and girl out there   
Loves Thistlehair.Thistlehair the Christmas bear  
La la la la la   
La la la la la   
La la la la la!Thistlehair the Christmas bear  
La la la la la 
La la la la la  
La la la la la!

There's a wondrous sight  
And a joyful sound  
Every Christmas Eve  
In a western town  
Gather up the kids  
All the friends and family  
'Cause the holly's hung   
And the candle's bright  
Tuning up a fiddle 
On a moon lit night  
Roll back the rug  
So we can two step 'round  
The Christmas tree.There's a jolly man  
In a bright red suit  
Did you ever see a Santa  
In cowboy boots  
Twirling across the floor  
Spurs a-jingling merrily  
As they sing those carols  
Soft and low  
We'll all be shouting out  
Cotton-eyed Joe  
Roll back the rug  
So we can two step 'round  
The Christmas tree.Waiting 'neath the mistletoe  
You'll never get a kiss  
I never move that slow  
There's too much I could miss  
'Cause a western girl  
Can't be still  
And a silent night  
Is not for me  
Roll back the rug  
So we can two step 'round  
The Christmas tree.Red bandannas  
Kelly green  
Silver buckles   
On a new blue jeans  
Jumpin' 'round the room  
To a yule tide melody  
I'm gonna be ready  
When Santa comes  
But I'm gonna be dancing   Till he does  
Roll back the rug  
So we can two step 'round  
The Christmas tree.Waiting 'neath the mistletoe   
You'll never get a kiss  
I never move that slow  
There's too much I could miss  
'Cause a western girl  
Can't be still  
And a silent night  
Is not for me  
Roll back the rug  
So we can two step 'round  
The Christmas tree.Roll back the rug  
So we can two step 'round  
The Christmas tree.

Did it feel like a night any different  
Than at least a million before?  
Was there any rare expectation  
Like there was some kind of somethin' in store?  
Did the sky have to hold back the thunder?  
Did the moon find new reasons to glow?  
Could the children somehow sense the wonder  
2000 Decembers ago? Were the sheep as amazed as the shepherds  
At the new star that light up the sky?   
Did the willow trees whisper excitement  
To the rivers and streams passing by?  
Did the joy ricochet off the mountains  
'Til it filled up the valleys below?  
Did all the world sense love abounding  
2000 Decembers ago? Was anyone able to look at the stable  
And not see a Child but a King?   
I wish I could hear back over the years  
As heaven and nature sing  
Heaven and nature sing. Did the walls of the barn start to tremble  
With a glory they could not contain?  
Did anyone wake with the feeling  
Of peace that they could not explain?  
Oh the love must have been overwhelming  
As it warmed everyone in its flow  
For all of the earth is still telling  
Of 2000 Decembers ago. Was anyone able to look at the stable  
And not see a Child but a king?  
I wish I could hear back over the years  
As heaven and nature sing  
Heaven and nature sing. 

Sleigh bells ringing, choirs singing  
Wonder what ole Santa's bringing?  
It's the warm and fuzzy time of year.Snow flakes fall the temp is dropping   
Families out together shopping  
It's the warm and fuzzy time of year.Elves are working overtime   
Making all our toys   
Reindeer hooves on all the roofs   
Of good little girls and boys.Big old cups of steaming cider   
Fall asleep by a cozy fire   
It's the warm and fuzzy time of year.Elves are working overtime   
Making all our toys   
Reindeer hooves on all the roofs   
Of good little girls and boys.Big old cups of steaming cider   
Fall asleep by a cozy fire   
It's the warm and fuzzy time of year.It's the warm and fuzzy time of year.Santa's on his way, yeah!

Fahoo forus dahoo dores  
Welcome Christmas come this way 
Fahoo fores dahoo dores   
Welcome Christmas, Christmas day.Welcome, welcome fahoo ramus  
Welcome, welcome dahoo damus  
Christmas day is in our grasp  
So long as we have hands to clasp. Fahoo fores dahoo dores 
Welcome Christmas bring your cheer 
Fahoo fores dahoo dores   
Welcome all whose far and near. Welcome Christmas, fahoo ramus  
Welcome Christmas, dahoo damus  
Christmas day will always be  
Just so long as we have we. Fahoo fores dahoo dores   
Welcome Christmas bring your light  
Woooo............... Welcome Christmas fahoo ramus  
Welcome Christmas dahoo damus  
Welcome Christmas while we stand  
Heart to heart and hand in hand  
Fahoo fores dahoo dores  
Welcome welcome Christmas 
Christmas day.

When the bells all ring and the horns all blow  
And the couples we know are fondly kissing  
Will I be with you or will I be among the missing?Maybe it's much too early in the game  
Ooh, but I thought I'd ask you just the same  
What are you doing New Year's  
New Year's eve?Wonder whose arms will hold you good and tight  
When it's exactly twelve o'clock that night  
Welcoming in the New Year  
New Year's eve?Maybe I'm crazy to suppose  
I'd ever be the one you chose  
Out of a thousand invitations  
You received.Ooh, but in case I stand one little chance  
Here comes the jackpot question in advance:  
What are you doing New Year's  
New Year's Eve?

Oh yeah 
Candles burnin' low 
Lots of mistletoe 
Lots of snow and ice 
Everywhere we go 
Choirs singin' carols 
Right outside my door.All these things and more 
(All these things and more) 
That's what Christmas means to me, my love 
(That's what Christmas means to me, my love)Oh yeah, 
Oh yeah yeah.And ya know what I mean 
I see your smilin' face 
Like I never seen before 
Even though I love ya madly 
It seems I love you more 
And little though you give me 
Will touch my heart for sure.All these things and more, darling 
(All these things and more) 
Whoah! 
That's what Christmas means to me, my love 
Oh Yeah, aaah 
(That's what Christmas means to me, my love)Oh yeah ha ha  
I feel like runnin' wild 
Those angels and a little child  
Greet you 'neath the mistletoe  
Kiss you once and then some more  
And wish you a Merry Christmas, baby  
(Wish you a Merry Christmas, baby)Oohh  
And such happiness in the comin' year  
Oh, baby  
Let's deck the halls with holly  
Sing sweet silent night  
Fill the trees with angel hair  
And pretty, pretty lights  
Go to sleep and wake up  
Just before daylight.All these things and more, baby  
(All these things and more) 
Whoah!  
That's what Christmas means to me, my love  
(Christmas means to me, my love) 
Oh baby baby!That's what Christmas means to me, my love 
Yeah, yeah yeah, oh yeah 
Merry Christmas 
Merry Christmas 
Oh yeah 
Merry Christmas, yeah 
Oh yes!
'Tis the season to be jolly 
But how can I be, when I have nobody 
The yuletide carol doesn't make it better 
Knowing that we won't be together. A silent night 
I know it's gonna be 
Joy to the world 
But it's gonna be sad for me.What do the lonely do 
At Christmas? 
Oh, oh, what do the lonely do 
At Christmas time?The children can play with their new toys 
While their little hearts burst open with joy 
And lovers can kiss beneath the mistletoe 
The choirs can sing those glorious songs of old.But what is left 
Oh, for me to do? 
Now that it's Christmas 
And I don't have you.What do the lonely do 
At Christmas? 
Oh, oh, what do the lonely do 
At Christmas time.Oh, oh, what do the lonely do 
At Christmas? 
What do the lonely do 
At Christmas?Oh, what do they do, what do they do 
At Christmas? 
Ooh, what do they do, what do they do 
At Christmas?Oh, oh, what do the lonely do 
At Christmas? 
What do the lonely do 
At Christmas.Oh, ho, what do they do  
What do they do 
At Christmas?
As I walk through 
This wicked world  
Searchin' for light 
In the darkness of insanity oohh  
I ask myself   
Is all hope lost?  
Is there only pain  
And hatred, and misery? Each time I feel like this inside  
There's one thing I wanna know 
What's so funny 'bout peace love and understanding? Ohhh 
What's so funny 'bout peace love and understanding? And as I walked on   
Through troubled times 
My spirit gets so  
Downhearted sometimes  
Where are the strong  
Who are the trusted?  
And where is the harmony? 
Sweet harmony. 'Cause each time I feel it slippin' away 
Just makes me wanna cry 
What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? Ohhhh 
What's so funny 'bout peace love & understanding? 

Hams and yams and cookies and candy 
Chimes of joy and candles aglow 
Hymns and carols, choirs are forming  
Everywhere that you go 
Pre Nol, Pre Nol  
Angels for every boy and girl 
Nobody cries or tells any lies 
The night that children rule the world 
When the children rule the world 
Tonight! When the children rule the world. Doves and kings and shepherds and wisemen  
Came together, followed the star  
They all gathered down in the manger   
They came from so very far 
Midnight is clear, the spirits are here 
Angels that guard each boy and girl  
No hunger or thirst, the last will be first 
The night that children rule the world 
When the children rule the world 
Tonight! When the children rule the world. All the greatest wishes are granted  
Let us sing, let innocence reign 
All the prayers are finally answered   
Blessed and free of all pain  
Towers of fire, rise ever higher 
Magical flags will be unfurled 
The power of song, the young are the strong 
The night that children rule the world 
When the children rule the world  
Tonight! When the children rule the world  
Pre Nol, Pre Nol 
Angels for every boy and girl 
The demons are gone, the young are the strong  
The night that children rule the world  
When the children rule the world  
Tonight! When the children rule the world. Pre Nol, Pre Nol 
Angels for every boy and girl 
The demons are gone, the young are the so strong 
The night when the children rule the world 
When the children rule the world  
Tonight! When the children rule the world  
When the children rule the world 
Tonight! When the children rule the world. When the children Oh  
When the children 
When the children They rule the world  
When the children Ooh, ooh, yeah  
When the children Rule the world  
When the children Rule the world 
When the children) Rule the world.

I'm wishing on a star 
And trying to believe 
That even though it's far 
He'll find me Christmas Eve 
I guess that Santa's busy  
Cause he's never come around 
I think of him 
When Christmas comes to town. The best time of the year 
When everyone comes home 
With all this Christmas cheer 
It's hard to be alone  
Putting up the Christmas tree 
With friends who come around 
It's so much fun 
When Christmas comes to town. Presents for the children 
Wrapped in red and green 
All the things I've heard about 
But never really seen  
No one will be sleeping  
On the night of Christmas Eve  
Hoping Santa's on his way. When Santa's sleigh bells ring  
I listen all around 
The herald angels sing  
I never hear a sound   
And all the dreams of children  
Once lost will all be found 
That's all I want  
When Christmas comes to town. That's all I want  
When Christmas comes to town.

When Santa Claus gets your letter 
You know what he will say
"Have you been good the way you should
On ev'ry single day?"When Santa gets your letter
To ask for Christmas toys
He'll take a look in his good book 
He keeps for girls and boys.He'll stroke his beard, his eyes will glow 
And at your name he'll peer
It takes a little time, you know
To check back one whole year!When Santa Claus gets your letter
I really do believe
You'll head his list, you won't be missed
By Santa on Christmas Eve.
When Santa Claus was a boy 
He liked to give other children toys 
Except for kids who weren't that nice 
He filled their socks with ice.Always in a jolly mood  
Christmas cookies were his favorite food  
His cheeks were rosy 
And his eyes were bright 
Especially on Christmassy nights. Santa Claus, Oh Santa Claus 
What a funny boy he was 
No one could quite understand 
Till Santa was a man. He liked winter more than spring 
He loved to laugh and loved to sing 
Christmas carols were his favorite songs 
He sang them all year long 
Fa la la la!He wasn't all that great in school  
But in geography he ruled 
He could name every home 
From the North Pole to Rome. Santa Claus, Oh Santa Claus 
What a funny boy he was 
No one could quite understand 
Till Santa was a man. After school he liked to play 
On his papa's winter sleigh 
He was sure reindeer 
If someone would let them try. He always wore (pum pum) red suits 
He always wore (pum pum) black boots 
Even at the summer beach 
He kept them within reach.Santa Claus, Oh Santa Claus 
What a funny boy he was 
No one could quite understand 
Till Santa was a man. He spent his weekends with the elves
Making toys all by themselves 
They learned to make such wondrous things 
While they'd laugh and sing  
Fa la la la la!Lots of kids thought he was strange 
But they liked him just the same 
His joyful heart and merry way 
Brightened every day  
Fa la la la la!Santa Claus, Oh Santa Claus 
What a funny boy he was 
No one could quite understand 
Till Santa was a man. Santa Claus, Oh Santa Claus 
What a funny boy he was 
No one could quite understand 
Till Santa was a man. No one could quite understand 
Till Santa was a man. 

Have you seen the mistletoe
I'm looking forward to Christmas 
It's sentimental, I know 
But I just really like it 
I am hardly religious 
I'd rather break bread with Dawkins  
Than Desmond Tutu, to be honest.And yes, I have all of the usual objections to consumerism 
The commercialization of an ancient religion 
And the westernization of a dead Palestinian 
Press-ganged into selling Playstations and beer 
But I still really like it! I, I really like Christmas 
Though I'm not expecting a visit from Jesus.I'll be seeing my dad 
My brother and sisters, my gran and my mum 
They'll be drinking white wine in the sun 
I'll be seeing my dad 
My sisters and brother, my gran and my mum 
They'll be drinking white wine in the sun.I don't go for ancient wisdom 
I don't believe just 'cos ideas are tenacious  
It means they are worthy 
I get freaked out by churches 
Some of the hymns that they sing have nice chords  
But the lyrics are dodgy.And yes I have all of the usual objections to the mis-education 
Of children forced into a cult institution  
And taught to externalize blame 
And to feel ashamed and to judge things as plain right and wrong 
But I quite like the songs.I'm not expecting great presents 
The old combination of socks, jocks and chocolate 
Is just fine by me.

See I bought you diamonds 
And a brotha stop lying 
I bought you Donna 
Ralph Lauren and Prada 
I know I made you leave 
Got a brotha beggin' please 
Got a brotha on his knees  
I bought you a two way 
I even left Shantae 
I won't cheat again 
I need you, my friend 
All a brotha want for Christmas 
Is to have you back right in my life.Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? See a man can never 
Can do what I do for you 
See I'm so confused 
Got me stuck on you 
My mama say  
Why do I deal with you? 
Said I'm a crazy fool 
And stay away from you 
I dissed my family 
Just to get next to you 
I bought you a cell phone 
Can't even talk to you 
All a brotha want for Christmas 
Is to have you right back in my life.Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? J-boog: 
I mean why  
Why'd you have to leave? 
I put the gifts under the tree 
And dissed my family 
I mean why? 
Baby I had the mistletoe under the doorway  
Waiting for you 
Why'd you have to go?
Please come back 
I don't know what to do 
Aw if I had one wish for Christmas 
It'd be to have you 
Right back in my life. Why'd you leave me? 
Why'd you leave me? 
On this Christmas  
Why'd you have to go? Omarion and J-boog:  
Had to get you the DKNY purse 
Iced out wrist shopping sprees 
I damn near did everything 
For you.
The shepherds afar 
Left their flocks by night 
Followed the new star  
By its heavenly light 
Did the lambs fear the wolves?  
Did they lay down and sleep? 
Who kept the sheep?  
Who kept the sheep?Did robbers not steal?  
Or did they fear the light 
That the shepherds had followed  
Night after night? 
Did they not stray?  
Did little lambs weep? 
Who kept the sheep?  
Who kept the sheep?Under the new star  
The new Saviour lay  
In his dim manger  
He lay on the hay 
The shepherds that came  
Had a vigil to keep 
But who kept the sheep?  
Who kept the sheep?Who kept the sheep?  
Who kept the sheep?

Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum bum 
Bum bum bum bum bum bum.This is my winter song to you 
The storm is coming soon 
It rolls in from the sea.My voice, a beacon in the night 
My words will be your light 
To carry you to me.Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love?They say that, things just cannot grow 
Beneath the winter snow 
Or so I have been told.They say we're buried far  
Just like a distant star 
I simply cannot hold.Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive?This is my winter song 
December never felt so wrong 
Cause you're not where you belong;  
Inside my arms.Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum 
Bum bum bum bum bum bum 
Bum bum bum bum bum bum.I still believe in summer days 
The seasons always change 
And life will find a way.I'll be your harvester of light 
And send it out tonight 
So we can start again.Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive?This is my winter song 
December never felt so wrong 
Cause you're not where you belong 
Inside my arms.This is my winter song to you 
The storm is coming soon 
It rolls in from the sea.My love a beacon in the night 
My words will be your light 
To carry you to me.Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive?Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive?Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive?Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive? 
Is love alive?

It's Christmas now 
This is when we see all the angels 
Dancing in the sky above 
Just for us 
It's Christmas day 
Something to believe in 
I believe the love 
That we feel for each other 
Is His gift to us 
And nothing will 
Keep us apart 
If we love 
With a Christmas heart. It's Christmas now 
This is when the eyes of our children 
Search into these eyes of ours 
How sweet they are 
What kind of world 
Are we gonna leave them? 
What we couldn't learn from each other 
We still can learn from God 
What a way to live 
What a place to start 
Bless us, please 
With a Christmas heart.

I'll be home with bells on 
I'll be home with bells on  
Trim the tree and wrap the presents 
Turn the Christmas music on  
This Christmas I'll be home
With bells on.I've traveled around this country 
Crossed the waters deep and wide  
Made lots of friends and memories 
Brought joy to other's lives  
It's Christmas time again 
Another year has come and gone  
And I can't keep from wonderin' 
How the old folks are at home. I'll be home with bells on  
I'll be home with bells on  
Trim the tree and wrap the presents 
Turn the Christmas music on  
This Christmas I'll be home
With bells on.When the snow is on the meadow  
And the sleigh bells jingle bright  
And the kids are singing jingle bells 
Around the Christmas lights  
As daddy stokes the fire 
And mama puts the turkey on  
There ain't nothing going to slow me down 
This Christmas I'll be home. I'll be home with bells on  
I'll be home with bells on  
Trim the tree and wrap the presents 
Turn the Christmas music on  
This Christmas I'll be home with bells on.

I don't know when we fell apart 
The love that we had was like a work of art  
I used to see heaven in your eyes 
Now angels are falling from your skies. The things we said were so wrong 
And I haven't held you for so long 
My foolish pride turns me inside 
Why did we tell all those lies? 
If you can reach for the phone  
You don't have to be alone. Outside the winter seems so cold (cold)  
Your heart is frozen like the snow (snow) 
And there's no one home to keep you safe and warm  
Your eyes are red because you've cried (cried) 
You fell asleep by the fireside (fireside) 
But there's one thing you should know  
On this Christmas, baby, you don't have to be alone. And I had only one wish on my list     
For me, you would be the perfect gift (yeah) 
There's nothing colder than an empty home (oh) 
And holidays were never meant to be alone (to be alone). The smiles we gave when our hearts were saved   
By each other's love and warmth  
That subsided now, no happiness around  
If I could only find a way to your heart. You don't have to be alone  
You don't have to be (no no) all alone 
You don't have to be alone  
(You don't have to be alone).
Cozy we are 
Closer than far 
Sounds of forever 
Still around. Lovers in love 
Just like we were 
Cos being apart's a lonely sound. When people ask how we stay together 
I say you never let me down 
Yeah, you make it feel like Christmas 
Even when things go wrong 
I hear the sound of Christmas  
In your song 
All year long.Look at the sun  
Shining on me 
Nowhere could be a better place. Lovers in love  
Yeah, that's what we'll be 
When you're with me 
It's Christmas day. Cos you make it feel like Christmas 
Even when things go wrong  
I hear the sound of Christmas  
In your song  
All year long  
That's how you know that it's true, babe. Just look at us now 
Part of it all 
Inspite of it all 
We're still around. So wake up the kids 
Put on some tea  
Let's light up the tree 
It's Christmas day. And you make it feel like Christmas 
Even when things go wrong  
Say it now  
I hear the sound of Christmas in your song 
All year long  
Yes, you know that I do  
All year long.
You're all I want for Christmas 
All I want my whole life through 
Each day is just like Christmas 
Anytime that I am with you. You're all I want for Christmas 
And if all my dreams come true 
Then I'll awake on Christmas morning 
And find my stocking filled with you. You're all I want for Christmas 
All I want my whole life through 
Each day is just like Christmas 
Anytime that I am with you. You're all I want for Christmas 
And if all my dreams come true 
Then I'll awake on Christmas morning 
And find my stocking filled with you 
And find my stocking filled with you.
Ah-ah-ah 
The tree is all trimmed now 
The fireplace is aglow 
And outside quiet streets 
Are all covered with snow 
So darling, let me tell you  
On this day of days 
Baby, you're my Christmas present 
My Christmas past  
My Christmas always.In the night, church bells ring 
Their message, a cheer 
And somewhere canvassing 
Soon Santa will be here; 
And this I swear 
As into your warm eyes I gaze 
Baby, you're my Christmas present 
My Christmas past 
My Christmas always.So, on this silent night 
Let me hold you tight 
And make you know 
Just how good love can be 
There's no gift of hope 
And no treasure untold 
That's as precious 
As you are to me. The stars twinkle on high 
Our world is so fine 
And I wish you Merry Christmas 
And as you pour the wine 
For you, this toast, my darling 
As my glass I raise 
Baby, you're my Christmas present 
My Christmas past 
My Christmas always 
You're my Christmas always.
These are your good years 
Don't take my advice  
You never wanted the nice boys anyway  
And I'm of good cheer  
'Cause I've been checking my list  
The gifts you're receiving from me  
Will be: 

One - awkward silence  
And two - hopes you cry yourself to sleep  
Staying up, waiting by the phone  
And all I want this year is for you
'Zat you, Santa Claus?Gifts I'm preparin'  
For some Christmas sharin' 
But I pause because 
Hangin' my stockin' 
I can hear a knockin' 
'Zat you, Santa Claus?Sure is dark out  
Not the slighest spark out 
Pardon my clackin' jaws 
Uh, who there? 
Who is it? 
Uh, stoppin' for a visit 
'Zat you, Santa Claus?Are you bringin' a present for me 
Something pleasantly pleasant for me 
That's what I've been waitin' for 
Would you mind slippin' it under the door?Four winds are howlin' 
Or maybe that be growlin' 
My legs feel like straws 
Oh my, my, my, my 
Kindly would you reply 
'Zat you, Santa Claus?
Yeah!Oh hangin' my stockin' 
I can hear a knockin' 
'Zat you, Santa Claus?Yeah, say now  
Hey there, who is it 
Stoppin' for a visit 
'Zat you, Santa Claus?>Whoa there Santa, you gave me a scare 
Now stop teasin' 'cause I know you're there 
We don't believe in no goblins today 
But I can't explain why I'm shakin' this way.Well, I see old Santa in the keyhole 
I'll give to the cause 
One peek and I'll try there 
Uh-oh there's an eye there 
'Zat you, Santa Claus?Please, please 
I pity my knees 
Say that's you Santa Claus.That's him alright!!